Ladies and gentlemen...I have the BIGGEST announcement ever...and No, I am not getting married. Heh.       I AM THE NEWEST INTERN AT 101 WRIF!!! BABY!!!
No potatoes, no rice, no red meat, no popcorn, no candy, no pizza, no.  just soy milk, oats, berries, veggies.  figgin, fak, fuck, frell, fak, fukkin fun!
I got called in to work today.  I was scheduled for 40 hours, so if I keep all the hours I was scheduled, I will have 50 hours this week.    I can't wait for the OKP Beltane 2005.
Lots of people like this one!  It was a challenge to make, but I really like the end product.  The unicorn is made out of silky soft alpaca.
*has a paid account* :D  *decides to put it to good use and concentrates on shapeshifting practice*  :o :D  *surprisingly finds the bedroom door unlocked, which may have something to do with the fact Tevildo's fallen asleep on top of the covers, fully dressed, again*  Ada! Adas!
-- all the people on my LiveJournal friends list. I can't get through my days without all of you folks! Hope you can all be with those you love in body, mind, and spirit (or as many of those as you can get).   *hugs*
Just wanted to post the good news that Jenn passed her Oregon State Hearing Aid Dispensing Licensure exam! Yaaaay!   *happy dancing*
I saw on TV this morning that the WB is bringing back the Smurfs!  The original even, not mutilated!!!   I can't wait until it starts airing again.  I loved the Smurfs as a kid.
I have   Metroid Prime 2  (since 11-16) and   Viewtiful Joe 2  (since 11-19) and I do declare that they both rock their respective houses. I get my DS on Sunday(11-21) along with  Feel the Magic:XX/XY  I can't wait. I believe that the DS is going to rock. Also big ups to       aeo    for going to the mall to get my DS. I owe him 1.01564.
Okay, production day!   AND, a very happy birthday to       farrah    and       angelofsin   !! And early birthday wishes to       weekend   , since I dunno if I'll be around tomorrow! :D   That's about it. ^^  Love and Peace,  NTG
Bide-A-Wee had excellent records for Aoki when we got her, including her exact date of birth: 15 April 2004. So today she is officially no longer a kitten, but a cat.  Of course, she's still all tiny and stuff, so she will continue to  look  like a kitten.  I like the fact that 15 April means something other than tax day in our house. *smile*  So happy birthday to the no-longer-a-kitten!
Okay, can we just never let Mariano Rivera pitch against the Red Sox? They've obviously figured out how to hit him (which puts them one up on the other 28 teams). Derek Jeter saved it all with his walkoff home run (only his second, and his first in the regular season), but damn.  And Hideki Matsui is  still  on a pace to hit 162 home runs. *laughs*
sleeping in on a sunday, wearing his bathrobe and having a plate of breakie gooness waiting for me on the table. Call me boring, but I like playing house.
At 2:21 a.m. a year ago, i was born. Today, i am one whole year old. And i get to eat apple pie with dinner tonight!
Cat got into New York University.  I'm so incredibly happy for her and proud of her.  She completely deserves it.
Spirited Away will be shown at the Egyptian Theatre! WITH HAYAO MIYAZAKI!!!! He's going to be there! WAI!    Just thought I'd post this bit o' info.....   :D
hey, if u want to hear the awesome U + Me = Us (Calculus) song, comment with ur email so I can send it to ya. It's GREAT!!! Honestly! It's so retarded! hahahaha, but it's still cool! especially if u're in calc :)  ~Christina~   ( *)&gt;
Hey, it's       lifeinwords   ' birthday, and I am so glad she's around. And hopefully someday she'll let me send good wishes in person.  In the meantime, ::waves madly, and hugs::
And we progress from the year of the monkey into the year of the rooster!  Happy Chinese New Year everyone!  N.B. should have been yesterday but I was at festivities.
HAPPY GIGANTICALLY GOOD 17th BIRTHDAY JAKEY!!!      I hope that you have a great birthday!!  ^__^  Lovies you!  ~Ja Ne~  Lyndsay-Marie
A couple years ago at the library book sale I procured my first self-aquired first edition - Pynchon's  Vineland  for a buck fifty(!). No such find this time, but I did buy an anthology of 3 Finney novels for two dolla. :)
My friend Kyle and his wife Anna just had a baby.    "Anton Louis Nicholas Price."   The funny thing is, he's been stationed in Germany for a few years in the Army, so he's kind of forgotten American measurements.  The baby is apparently 3.07 kilograms....lol.  What the shit is that?   Oh well.  He sent pictures; very cute baby.  I'm happy for him.
Okay, when they announced that Coke was actually bottling tap water and selling it, that was bad.  Coke having to pull Dasani across the entire UK due to having made it more carinogenic than tap water was just horrible.  At least they got an Ig Nobel out of it.   http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/stor y/0,3604,1174127,00.html   In unrelated news, I regained a close friend today!
welcome to the apartment  Williams McBettafishie Merlot Elle Vator and Princess Pina Colada   hope you enjoy it here and hope i dont kill ya ;)   pictures to follow soon...
Updater:  Jiin  she has hayylowww we real ahh-doooh her she has haayylowww can we tuch her  choose key self did heee   sing dance happy
Just like to say that I had a really nice weekend :)  So thanks to those that i saw :)  Also, this is a cool album.   Alkaline Trio - Good Mourning
I'm going to learn Esperanto.  Se vi ne volas elŝuti klient-programon por via komputilo, se ne estas unu por via komputilo, vi rajtas uzi ĉi tiun paĝon por ĝisdatigi vian taglibron. Tio ĉi estas utila ankaŭ kiam vi ferias aŭ vi estas for de via ĉefa komputilo.  See, Tom? Mally est smart. ;)
This is just to let you know that my mum gave birth on the 4th of February and came in weighing 5lb and 4lb 4oz.  Mum and Dad decided to name them   why oh why  Felix and Lavinia.  Looks like Hogwarts will be enduring Branstons for many a year more...
Not that anyone will probably care, but thanks to the  Wayback Machine , I have been able to restore my long lost entries in my guestbook which I accidentally deleted back in '03.  If, for some strange reason, you are interested in reading them you can go  here .  Color me happy.   J
Oh man. I love Music. I love the simple stuff I love the crazy stuff I love the challenging stuff And most of all, I love the groovin stuff.   And I love Phish, even if they are deciding to part. I will always love Phish. And Trey Anastasio is always zeh awesome rockin dude. I love him! Yay \o/
I have good news the family room is pretty much done!! But they are hooking up the cable and other stuff right now. As long as it involves electricity then they will be working on it now. That is all for now! BYE!! Also if I don't write back tomorrow then... HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!!!:) ) !
sunday hotel party, monday gym moments, tuesday bbq, wednesday gilbert and mike chillin strip club. ghetto as hell though. metup with some others. thursday magic mountain. absence of traffic. making new friends. chillax
a pledge for phi gamma delta. gettin th e beer belly goin. takin care of my shit. lifes a blast. livin large for another day today is just a good day
i am a tired person, been a great few days, many thanks to the great mistress for her superb company :D and i hope you enjoyed one of my dinosaurs is missing :D  *streches*  back to burnout i guess :D
work = pretty good  life = pretty good (only schism and hangover to endure then seaford..WOO HO :D)  but...MOST IMPORTANTLY.......  my Nationstates nation now has 2.001 BILLION people...muwhahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!! !
A small room rearrangement..and now im covered in dust and dirt but i've got all my parents records from the loft...most of me mums are...well a bit mumish..but my dads are pretty cool for the majority  i need a wash...im dirtier than a dirty person rolling in dirt singing "dirty" by that irritating pop tart
There is now an orange and vanilla 'dreamsicle' cake in the fridge. My hunny's b'day cake. =) =) =) We're going all out for a posh dinner tonight. Sloppy joes on rolls. Hee! We still act like kids.
Back to life after being in bed from Friday Night until this morning... I feel better, but I know I have to take it a little bit easy.  Vist y100rocks.com, and sign the petition and email the heads of radio one... that whole situation sucks.  Busy few weeks coming up! Oscar Party 2005 tonight!
I JUST SAW GLEN PHILLIPS IS COMING TO TOWN 3 DAYS BEFORE MY 30th BIRTHDAY...   I CAN'T WAIT... IT WOULD MAKE MY LIFE IF HE WISHED ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY...   BUT SEEING HIM WOULD BE WONDERFUL!!!  AHHH!!!!
Just want to send a shout out to McGriff the Drinking Crime dogg....may you get fucked up beyond belief tonight.... :)       HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU SON OF A BITCH!!!!
Thanx to all my friends for making my birthday the best ever...hard to believe that it's my last one i'll have with all these people...i love you all so much!!! I hope you all had a great time too:)                               and one homecoming pic that makes me happy:)     *Danielle
Leaving Sapiens on SEPTEMBER-12. The GOOD news is, I'm going to work in a MUCH better place, and get more money! YEY! :)
Well kids, I had an awesome birthday thanks to you.  = D  Just wanted to so thank you for coming and thanks for the gifts and junk. = )  I have many pictures and I will post them later.  &hearts;
I am at nicholas's house...  yeah...  we go pick up Ben at like 3 in the morning.   woo!  heh. I don't have much else to say except...    I love root beer!  &hearts;
Just returned home from a club concert with  Inkubus Sukkubus .  Man do they rock. Great music and fantastic stage presence. I scored a set list and got it autographed by each member and I got my picture taken with the lead singer.  However, I seem to have lost an hour somewhere. Anybody seen it?
Amendment to my last post.  It's not 1 Dkr. It's over 6000. That'll teach me to read all the paper.  We're rich!
Got my tax papers today. Turns out I get 1 Dkr.  Still, that means none of the 13.600 Maiken got will have to be earmarked for paying my stuff.
I got my track jacket & shorts in the mail today. It reminded me of my fetish for track jackets... I love them. This one actually fits. Also, it reminded me that dickies stuff is made out of cardboard or something... Gotta wear 'em in a little bit... That is all. Going to Point Pleasant with       sackofsentai    and       johnscreams    in a couple of hours.
omg omg omg ~ *wild crazy dance*  takkan betul kut......  nak bagi kat saya ? O__________o takai ja nai ka ? itu mesin gambar ~  *blinks* what language am i'm blurting out ? nvm  *crazy mad happy dance* chii sin de ~!
My new job is thus far pretty cool...  i started today..  it's so cruisy and feels good to be back on normal hours.. :)  and i found a parking spot really quickly.. woo..  much love 4 u all..  - Peter
Hello, again!  Sorry, it's been an extended sebatical, but I'm back.  How's life?  That's great.  Things are going well.  I'll update later.  Chad
I got a B+ on my Math exam! That's the first time I've gotten such a good grade on that exam! Wheee!  And my birthday's in 3 days! Can't wait. I'll probably get a credit card! (Domain...*drools*)
Hey whats up Party People and marry chirstmas!!!!  For chirstmas I got an iPod Ohio state shirt The best college some clothes and shoes and a few gift cards and of course some mouth watering chocolate! and last night i had fondue its so good awesome! Well hope everyone had a great chirstmas Blake
This week has been the best week I've had since I can't remember when! I have been so hyper all week, it's been awesome!!! I'm still so hyper that I'm having problems typing... hehehe... so yeah I'm off to do something fun, bye.
today was good! i was really busy, and that was good! im almost done with my panhellenic app! im ciked, i really want the position now! my psych class was cancelled today! yayyy  hehe i vandalised meaghan and katies door :)  im having a good day!!!! woot woot!   me nad cara had an awesome time at sonic! we had some perverted fun!! wooohoooo hehe elck and wp ;)  yup, hw time!
It's 11:57.  I'd just like to say, while it's still Christmas Day, Merry Christmas everyone!  Hope you had a wonderful holiday with good food and good company.  And I hope to say hi to each and everyone of my friends, in person, soon.  Tik then, byeeeeeeeeee!
Sorry... I've been very busy with work. I'll update you really soon!  Ciao!  Eat your heart out BITCH!  XTIAN
So I had Orientation today and it was alright. They talked about wqhat a BSW is and the different classes it offers, etc. They had a lunch afterwards but I was tired by then and decided to go on a little journey around the city.  I'm pretty tired right about now but I'm happy and looking forward to next week.
it's supposed to be a gorgeous day today!  Update 12:40pm: so i'm skipping my 1pm class. it's too nice outside to sit in class! (the only reason i'm inside right now is because i'm making lunch.) i found out i got an A on my psych test! yay! and we don't have humanities on Thursday! awesome!  hope everyone is having a great day!
it was familiar to me the smoke too thick to breathe the tile floors glistened i slowly stirred my drink and when you started to sing you spoke with broken speech that i could not understand and then you grabbed me tightly  i wont let go i wont let go even if you say so oh no i've tried and tried with no results  i wont let go i wont let go
i think im an insomniac.   today was my moms birthday. i spent the day with her. we had lunch. we went to the wild animal park. hung out at home. dinner. presents. cake (acually it was cheese cake(i hate cheese cake))  happy birthday    Adicts tomrrow. Agent Orange. The Dickies. Channel 3. Some other band.  See you in Long Beach  fun!!!!!
Romeo loved Juliet Juliet she felt the same when he put his arms around her he said Julie, baby you're my flame Thou givest fever  when we kisseth fever with thy flaming youth fever  I'm afire fever yea, I burn forsooth
Got some new eyewear            And since I had the camera in the office, here's my workspace. CONSTANT PARTY
I just did the calculations yesterday... After dropping the minor, despite previous meltdowns, I can still graduate by next April!  *happy dance*  That's all.  Still begging for money:
I'm home for the weekend. It's so nice to just sit around and do nothing...   Mom got her final results back yesterday...and everything is clear! YAY!   I'm watching "I Love the 90's", which is great fun, but is also making me feel old. "No WAY that happened 10 years ago!" is the main thought going on... It's so weird to see basically my whole life on VH1.   A real update later.
updating from library.  new icon.   senior project will be painting    for poems, which should be quite cool     especially seeing as my academic advisor,      on-site advisor, and project supervisor are all       the same person who doesn't want to really do        anything.         16 days of complete freedom for painting. sweet.
I found a papadam recipe! I failed at first because I was spelling it wrong. Come over to make 'em sometime, we'll use my deep frier :D   http://www.recipezaar.com/16928   Incidentally, folks, that's a great online source for recipes!
Following my previous Ron devoted post here's another staring... The bestest Weasley ever! (Promise to do some other people soon only i found these pics from YM and I couldn't resist!)                        Check out the rest of my icon journal  here     Enjoy. Post. & Comment- good or bad, it's appreciated!  -Lizi xxx
Happy Birthday, Bill!     May you always be older and wiser.    (It's doubtful you're wiser, but it is your birthday so I'll be polite.  You will, however, always be older.  On that we can be certain!)
New icon. word  Gig at life cafe tommorow - RBR start at 8.30  Looking at De Mont Fort Uni and Loughbourough at the minute, prolly gonna go to one of the two as they rn't uber far away and they're close to Latran.  Art is hardcore, i am a fucking genious.  end transmission
I have now been accepted to the Indiana University School of Music, and additionally they offered me a considerable scholarship just based on my musical merit.  I am very happy right now.  My tone may not convey this, but trust me.
Right, the  Thief 3 editor is now out . I foresee many a great fan level in the future. Life is good. :)  Geek out!
It's saturday, today was a cool day right from the start, although...       sometimes....     &nbsp;I wish John wouldn't tell me some things     Anyway, more new pictures! Good look, if you wish          film35
the comedy that i did in the spring, editing it into the demo reel right now :) pretty fun to watch myself . well if i may say so :)
The April Fool's show was so funny. I'm glad I brought my Frank stuff and was able to join in, in the craziness.  This whole weekend was fun. For once the fun didn't happen after I left Sci-Fri. lol    Alison, let me know when you're around this week and maybe we can do that photo shoot.
To my Hols...  HAPPY 21st!  I hope you had an amazing birthday because you deserve it!  Thank you for being my sanity and my friend for the past 2 years.  I am blessed to have you in my life.  Much love to you, and have a drink for me!:)
I've had this weird mix of scared and happy going on lately.  It's probably happiness in spite of things.  Nice to think how much better it would be if said things were taken care of.   *dreams*
Happy Birthday to ME! Happy Birthday TO me! Happy BIRTHDAY to me-eeeee, HAPPY Birthday to me!     You may now resume your regulary scheduled St. Paddy's Day activities.  Oh, and Constantine Maroulis still rules!
So my reading at NorWesCon (the Broad Universe Rapid Fire Reading, woot!) is scheduled for 10pm Friday.  Obviously I need bribes to fill in the seats.  What's better, in your opinion?  Chocolates (like mini candy bars or maybe a box of See's) or homemade cookies?  Or something else that doesn't translate to money?
She's not going to see this due to real life interference, but am posting it anyway because she deserves public birthday greetings.  So without further ado...     Happy Birthday       daisy_drabbles   !     You are way cool and fun.  Am very glad we met.  :D
*is Gir*      What kind of goth are you ?     brought to you by  Quizilla    New Cult of the Face Store!! YAY!!!! Danny is going broke from stuff like this...  &lt;ahref=&quot;http://www.cafeshops.com/cp/store.aspx?s=theface&quot;&gt;Face Store Here
Today was awesome.  I got to see Stacey Murrill at Kroger's today with the hottness that is her boyfriend, Kevin.  I got to talk to Matt for a little bit today, and he made me happy.  And I definately cut my hair!! Check it out. =) And you know what else!?     Kaity and I are going to go see Taking Back Sunday in Columbus on November 5th!!!!!
Homecoming pictures, thanks to Desiree. Enjoy. =)         Desiree and I at the homecoming game.    Desiree, Michael, Austen and I.    Jordan and I!    Austen and Desiree.    Austen and her van after being attacked by the Sneaky Snake Society!    Michael at my house after homecoming    Shindig at my house.       Austen and Jason.    Ricardo and I.  He's my favorite black man! haha.
Munthing is still not above a trend. :)      :)    Finny in a suit. :D    This is my favorite picture of Fin. :)    Rebellious phase. ;)    I am so pretty. :D    My legs are shiny. Ahahaha. Um. Yes.    ...Who's that other chick? o.o    And another one of Finny. Looking very suave. :)
it's been awhile. but today is NOT the day you all want me to update. this is what i would rant and rave about:  -tests/school -cramps -my old basketball team being in the national championship -not having a truck anymore -the worst dream i've ever had last night -figuring out what to do with college -and just other crap.   i told you. lucky you.
***CLARIFICATION***  last night joan and i were looking at wedding rings and dresses and such and it was so much fun! but NO i'm not getting married yet, hehe.... as much as i would love to we hafta wait until both drew and i finish college and stabilize ourselves financially. so for now, i dream of rings like that and my wedding, which will be amazing in about three years. :)
(From       tapestry01   )  1. Stop talking about politics for a moment or two. 2. Post a reasonably-sized picture in your LJ, NOT under a cut tag, of something pleasant, such as an adorable kitten, or a fluffy white cloud, or a bottle of booze. Something that has NOTHING TO DO WITH POLITICS. 3. Include these instructions, and share the love.
Happy Birthday to me.  Below are listed the people who remembered me today:  Amanda Trevor Kerry Billy Todd my family Lance Sylvia Lee Kat Josh Jenna Mandy  The rest of you suck!!
Went to XRoads and watched Chris and Shawn play last night. They had all the little kiddies dancing to their crazy crazy surf stylings. And a good time was had by all. Chris seemed excited for us to get together and play a lil ACDC, of course, he was drunk at the time... I'm sure he'll sober up soon. :P
Go see Reuben's Accomplice, the Format unplugged, and half of Jimmy Eat World totally wail with 2 good friends.  Then go get spinach cheese dip at TGIF's way past your bed time.  Maybe I'm a cheap date, but heck, that's happiness to me!
Having one of your non-sensitive male friends agree to go feed ducks with you and watch the fountain go off, just b/c it brings you joy.  My friends once again prove they're better than yours.  I love feeding the ducks.  It's the best.
Yes, after a week of resisting I've joined       weyoun_one    in the DS owning club. :oD  On a vaguely related note - very nifty site here:  http://www.vgmaps.com/  - video game level maps
James and I went to Tesco this morning. Conversation in the fresh veg department:  "No, that one's too long." ... "That one's too thin."...  Spent 6p in there which amused the checkout woman.   Purpose of the trip here:  http://www.thelonegunwoman.co.uk/snow.h tm   :o)
I got recruited for Con Edison.  The sweet part is I get health insurance for part-time work.  I can look for other work to fill out the remaining hours I'm free and not have to worry about becoming ill.  I'll be UNION, la la la . . .
Thank you,       indarae   , for addicting me to Buffy: The Vampire Slayer. Once again, you have cursed -- I mean, saved -- my mortal soul.
Hi all, started up a new comic, starring the fuzzballs, and some other creatures we haven't met before.  Read it  here .
Yaaay!  I don't have to go to Michigan today because my Aunt Angie hired someone to go to Michigan to get my Dad's stuff.  So, I have the whole weekend off, and nothing to do. I'm so happy, nothing can get me down.....  NOTHING!
What I have learned in the past few weeks: NEVER USE THE SOAP. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. These pilgramages are getting more and more fun.
Here are some wedding photos. Enjoy &gt;^_^&lt;   http://pg.photos.yahoo.com/ph/spootyshi znit/my_photos
Well, last night was awesome.  I worked and watched the restaurant for the day.  Then me and Martha went to Cattle Barons to eat, then chilled @ funtrackers to kill time, and went and saw Dr. Dolittle 2.  The first one was better of corse, but oh well, the macking was good too.  The only bad thing is I lost my cell phoen
my hoodie smells like your house now. it smells good.  thanks for letting me stop by, that was the high point of my night:) I like the little conversations that we have...  Picasso's are coming to the NC art museum, who wants to go to Raleigh?  No it's not lame, I'm an AdGrDes major...
Yes I do watch it. Anyway, I saw today's episode, and it had a preview for next week. It looks so cool! Tyra Banks loses it at a girl. I look so forward to that.
Happy birthday to you...happy birthday to you...happy birthday dear       hominidj   , happy birthday to you  Also a big happy b'day from mcseknitter (who still refuses to do anything but lurk)
I just got promoted- I'm a level 2 now. What that means is that I'm now primarily cash office, plus I make $2 more an hour.  Even though the position was filled, they felt I deserved it.   That's awesome. Someone finally notices my hard work.
*sees  Arines *  *cries from the  smell *  *sees daddy*  *is happy now that Daddy has  removed the terrible smell and fed hir *  *burps in gratitude*
LiveJournal Haiku!       Your name:    jayvinmaester      Your haiku:    about five minutes before class and my hopes that i'll be making it      Username:                Created by  Grahame                  LiveJournal Haiku!       Your name:    jayvinmaester      Your haiku:    into the reasons behind it and besides that she was only there      Username:                Created by  Grahame
Okay, So since it's the end of the month, here are the msn award thingys! Soo this is for the month of february (including reading week) who talked to me the most! :) *yay*  1st - Conor! 2nd - Marvey! 3rd - Tyler! 4th - Matt! 5th - Tom!  Good Job Everyone!! It was really close amoung the top 3 so who knows what will happen next month :)!  ~Dave
I was getting ready to write a post, and went to check my last post so I'd know where I left things off, and it seems at least 1 Live Journal post never made it to the light of day.  I have no clue what it was, but I know I did one or two posts 2 weeks ago.  Ah well...an update momentarily!
Chicago was great!  I had a really great time.  I got to spend great time catching up with my friend.  We ate great food, had great entertainment, great beer.  I was just a really great vacation.  Now I'm back at home preparing for the weekend.
I was in the moooovie.  I was in the moooovie.  I was in the moooovie.  I was in the moooovie.  I was in the moooovie.  I was in the moooovie.  I was in the moooovie.  At least, I'm pretty sure that was me.  ...  What was I saying, again?  Ooo!  Grass!
I've decided that, seeing as I'm a ghost, I can manifest as any bloody form I want.  And, seeing as there's no ghost mares around to impress, I find this one amusing.  So!  *bouncebouncebounce*  I'm gonna go see if that Denethor kid wants to play!  *bounds off*
Well, I have lots to say, but no time.  So, just a quick note:      &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    h beam piper is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator         And, this is right.  I *love* the H. Beam Piper stuff.  Love love love.  Stasia
del.icio.us gets funding!   This makes me very happy!  If Joshua had some sort of donation service he would be getting money from me, now he doesn't need it!  For those who haven't checked out  del.icio.us , you're missing out, it's a sweet social bookmarking site which works extremely well with Firefox.
Whoot!  Awwwww, yeah!  Check the link, yo, for my crew's Halloween neatness!  And we got props on the webcomic site in question as well...(I'm the thief)   http://www.nuklearpower.com/hallowe en02.php
5. The easter bunny! 4. If on DVD, they usually include great features or cool games. 3. Searching for chocolate eggs in the woods with a bunch of relatives. 2. Having one on display for the  Weblogqueens!  1. Chocolate!  Sorry  10e  and  Luna , but chocolate just tops all!
well this is the first update since the holidays... so how is everyone? (I worry about how everyone is when I don't get to check.)  Oh! thanks for the card gab! I love it!  hmm... I guess the only other thing I have to say is I miss you all and I'll update later.  (did this from the library....no internet at home anymore.)
well I sent off my cards this morning...  and an e-card to nevermore. and I probably won't get to update over the next week soooooo.... MERRY  CHRISTMAS!
my amp works again. and to think, all it took was a $2 part :-)  i sure am tired... i think i will go to bed early tonight...
You know, it's sad how much I like SakuraxLee. Why is it sad? Well, I think the only reason I'm excited by it is because it allows for SasuNaru. I absolutely, positively love Sasuke and Naruto as a pair.   Even if Shikamaru and Kiba are my favorite characters  I am such a dork.
I had a wonderful evening of conversation in a diner in Linden.  I also head the best phrase to substitute for "It's starting to snow a little."      Woman at another table: "King Kong is scratching his head."   Goodnight all!  I hope my pleasant mood doesn't ruin anyone's other moods.
All I can say is. Psat's suck.   But Story and Robin were there to keep me company =]   School FLEW by today. It was so great.  I had the best day ever today. It was the greatest this year.  Boring, but so fantabulous.  We didn't do anything in any classes.  But after school for those 4 seconds...was the best.   Ahem.   &lt;33 always, Claire Bear    HOMECOMING - 3 freakin days!
Hello there. I haven't written in a very long time. Things are going okay. Better than they have been lately. I'm just extremely happy we are out for fall break. Yay. It's tres (very in french) exciting. I am so happy about homecoming. I can't wait this year.
a letter, and prettie kittie and teddie papers from the nikkstah!   THANKiES sho much  Nikkstah  *huggs* :)
In Ireland, Galway.  Dublin good, tour today good, hostel in Galway REALLY nice.  Only have two minutes left on internet (a euro for 15 minutes!...gah, hate paying for this).  I'm having a great time, and things are all going really well.  Miss you all.
Mommy is good to snuggle, but Mommy AND Daddy are EXTRA warm!  Last night I got to squeeze in between them, and they didn't mind because I went "purr, purr, purr" all night.  Mommy didn't even toss me out of the bedroom for scratching.  Course I didn't scratch last night, because I was so WARM and COMFY!  I'm the *happyest* kitten!
My name is Galileo, and I am a magic blue cat!  (Or so my mommy and her boy person tell me!)  My big sisters,       lilbluekittans    got to have a LJ, so I decided that I wanted one, too.  Now Mommy won't let me type anymore (since the first time I did all these neat black clicky things flew out of the keyboard), but she said she'd write down what I say.  So, um,    HI!!!!!!!!!!!
She said yes!  Ting and I are engaged! The sweetest, smartest woman alive said  yes . She wants to marry me. I've never been happier in my life.  I've almost enough money saved and hopefully I can buy a house for us... maybe Dagny and everyone can visit. The future never looked brighter.
Come on,  Seahawks!       Later:   Oh well.  At least they made it to the playoffs.  I remember when the 'hawks suuuuuuuccccked.
my dress that i get on sunday!  im a happy person :)   https://www.windsorstore.com/catalog.cf m?method=product&product_id=9AC4ED8D-EAB4-4894-81E47C13ED 97F7F9
Hey       madam_pegasus   ! I got you a  gift ! Hope ya like it! I thought a long time about it but couldn't think of anything, so       elfshadow    helped me out.
Huge kudos to       proofpudding    for the awesome daniel radcliffe icon that i have taking a liking to.  ^_^
Saddness is being at a sucky Chinese School with a bunch of crazy, spoiled little kids who won't listen.  Happiness is going out with Angela and Eric for some ice cream from Coldstone and just chilling together and unwinding from the party.  Thank you both!  &lt;3
Half a day left unil I turn on the alcoholism and turn off my (yes there is a difference) The holiday binge drinking debacle begin at 5:30 and don't stop until I die of alcohol poisoning or until the 3rd.  I'm putting money on not poisoning myself rather an injury as a result of drunken tom-foolery.
Happy Birthday *  Vul ~!!!    *confetti and streamers* I hope that it is wonderful and happy for you, and that if you don't feel a year older or wiser, you at least gained one priceless piece of knowledge that will help you go another year.
Well, the couple who introduced my husband and I had their first baby this morning. A big, healthy baby girl. Welcome to the world!
So, finally. Some happiness has happened in my life! This past week and a half have sucked, so this was needed.  1. I got a job! At Adventure Island! $7.00 isn't bad, so I'm pretty happy.  2. Also, I got my first modeling job today! I'm a hair model for Regis Hairstylists! On Monday I'm going to be part of a show, demonstrating a new advanced highlighting routine. So, this is cool.
You scored as  Drama nerd .        Drama nerd             88%       Punk/Rebel             50%       Loner             44%       Stoner             31%       Geek             25%       Prep/Jock/Cheerleader             19%       Goth             19%       Ghetto gangsta             6%        What's Your High School Stereotype?   created with  QuizFarm.com
not only have i been on a giant star wars kick...i love the discovery channel and all the documentaries on all the Biblical studies...it makes me happy
hi all, quicky update here.  cant wait to go to boston.  got a sexy camera which everyone should know from the pics.  sexy new wallet.  i need to get back to the gym :(  my car is weighed down easily...especially when you put greg joe justin and myself in it.
goodness, I love this feeling of tipsiness.  I had just under 4 shots of vodka left and kim and I polished it off just a few minutes ago.  nothing gets to me like vodka.  I don't know why, but I always get so happy when I'm drunk.  I also have pretty good typing skills.  woooo!
LIVE STRONG  today is the first day of the rest of your life.  starting tomorrow morning at 8 am, i am going to work out for 45 minutes. everyday. i'm going to loose doubt and gain confidence.  i'm going to eat better, and train. just you wait. by this summer. wow sam love wow. i am on a mission.  i gotta fix the outside and the inside. one day at a time.      (*heather your home so soon :P)
you all get a surprise tomorrow...          me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! at church.  two weeks in a row at that!
i was gone fora the weekend it was alot of fun but i couldn't stop thinking about this   four     i really dont' know what to do any more i'm sure it's going to be like this for a long time  besides i can play it off really good i have been doing it for long enough   some things wont ever change
Today is Aunt B's 50th BIRTHDAY! Happy Birthday Aunt B! Sorry I couldn't wish you a good day in person.
GO IRELAND! :D  Ireland is the country they are going to present for Memphis in May!  Woooooo! We've had south korea and ireland now.  I am happy XD
YES!!! Got up at 5 to find out that we had a snow day. Watched a little tv, then went back to bed. Got up agian and cleaned. I really need to do my humanities folder. Ugh!
Hee hee!  Since we WON, now I think I see what all the fuss is about! LOL  23-5 against the #15 team in the country isn't too bad! :-)  Off to learn some computer skills!  XO  Katrena
1. What did you do in 2004 that you'd never done before? graduated from college; rented my first apartment; visited Puerto Rico; made a cappacino; bought a Christmas tree...umm, a lot of other things too&nbsp;
*wakes up in his old room at the House of Feanor*  *Blinks as he sees a Finduilas shaped individual lying beside him*  *Vaguely remembers  something about her being cured... *  0_0 *sits up* YES! HAHAHAA! SUCK ON IT GWIN-  *Clutches his head*  Ow ow ow ow ow...
I feel happy, oh so happy, tra la la de da... even after working a million hour shift for the Star Wars after dark crappy event. It was meant to be a 'laser and light extravaganza' instead a few&nbsp;saddos from entertainment were roped in to shine some torches in the air... oh yes. Had a great week anyway!
if you havent seen this before....   YOU MUST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    http://www.milkandcookies.com/links/272 60
Last night was so great! 'Least I had fun, hope y'all did too. It was wonderful to see so many people all gussied up and enjoying themselves. It really felt like a party!
texasfanboy   , thanks for guilting me into going to karaoke.  Even though I sucked, it was fun.  And I got another beer glass out of it.  I've turned into such a klepto. LOL
*comes to a realisation*  I've been getting along really well with the grandchildren lately. As in, not just the ones that have names that begin with 'M'.  :D  *lights his pipe and puffs away happily*
Happy Valentine's Day! Even the fishies are in love.  I can't wait to see my Boo tonight.  It's been 4 wonderful years today. I can't wait!
ok... so we're driving to Q-Cup... and we see this Dreyer's truck... and we wave at it... and he starts yelling that he has ice cream if we follow him to his next stop... so we do... and he gave us like... 2 big boxes of ice cream.... Good times... hehe
Me: "Yeah, well I'll think YOUR mom and the quasi-jew up your ass so there" Mike: "Oh, so that's what that button does..."  haha... he should pay attention :p
rumiloflorien   !!!*frowns* You Turd! *shakes head*..*tries to keep a straight face*   *chuckles* Im glad you finally sat down and talked things over with me. You shouldnt let Dinendal get to you. He's just a big dork! heh *gives you a big wet kiss* Love ya!
Is this real happiness? Or is it just the hormones of PMS playing a strange trick on me?  Either way, I'm dancing in my office chair.
I was issued new equipment today, to replace what the Jedi destroyed. Soon, I will go into service against the Jedi again.
Ooooh, Raven..  OOOOOOOH RAAAAAAAAAAVENNN..  I haaaaaaave it nooooow.. Yoou knoooooow you waaaaaant it. you Knoooow you dooooo... &gt;=D~
I got a new puppy last night...named Griswold...or Grizz...Newfoundland...6 mos old and 70lbs. He's real big...and real cute. Well...right now...Hdofu is scaring me with stories of people he's met on message boards who are absolute psychos. *shudders* Well...nothing else besides the new puppy.  *foxie hugs* -Kameron
Ladies and Gentlemen...I give you my new babyfur pic...courtesy of Lorilyn (neoscottie)     I think I look cute...what do you think?  *foxie hugs* -Kameron
This justizsche is voting for John Kerry.  George Bush used to say I was his favorite, but tonight he wouldn't say my name.  John Kerry said "SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSCALIA!" like he meant it!  @_@   "This megalomaniac isn't the real megalomaniac on the bench." -Scalia
Hee ^-^; I forgot we have an underscore in our name and spent ages trying to log in as       thewolfpack    ^-^;  Well on the 24th is the 4th full moon of the year... and I know this Realm's time is a lot different to ours, and the months are crazy and everything, but we were born juuuust after the 4th full moon back home. Like two days.  So I suppose our 220th birthday is coming up ^-^
*^-^* Got a new medical book from the First Realm.  And since it's quiet and Miss Solexi says we have ample back-ups of most types of medicine, I can read it right now ^-^  In fact, Miss Solexi wants me to read it aloud while she works~ *scampers*
Yes - I am still alive ... woah shock horror.  Short update - I got my first real assessment piece (ie not a multiple choice quiz) results back the other day, I got a 7.5/10 - which is a distinction :)  I'll read the comments on it tomorrow while I'm at Aaron's place because Blackboard (the means of communication) doesn't work with my ISP.
fairwheather16 Highway    Bog of Eternal Marriage    9      TravelWorld    23      Confusion Lane    32      Tower of Commitment    128      Contentment Meadows    388      Please Drive Carefully               Username:      Where are you on the highway of life?   From  Go-Quiz.com
Last night was a good night. It was probaly one of the best nights i have had in awhile. As "Thats It Folks" grows closer i am getting more nervious as to if we are gonna make it, we have a lot to pull together and about 3 days to do so. "Thats It Folks", although it isnt a big play its been a lot of fun to hang with people and perform in the black box theater.
Which female character from Final Fantasy 7,8,9 are you??  Go find out  here ! made by       rainecloud
Palm Springs Half Marathon pictures:   http://www.brightroom.com/view_user_eve nt.asp?EVENTID=7816&PWD=&BIB=1716   The first one I am next to one of the guys I always train with, Joe.   The last three are all by the finish line so thats why I look so tired (and shitty)since I had somehow PR'd at half distance by 10 minutes. :)
I NEED TO FIND SOMEWAY OF GETTING TO APPLEBEES TONIGHT SO THAT I CAN SPY ON LINZ AND JAKE!!!!!!!!!!    YO the Montel show is whack!   o yeah and i cant wait to go see dawn's play tomorrow. whoop whoop!
Got my new AlienWare PC last monday, and it's a real improvement over my last one, it alot faster can run most of the games that I wan't to play, and has more hadrive space then I really know what to do with, and yes it's been well worth the wait too.  I'm happy with it.  Later  MP
who's got a 6 week internship??? IIIIVVEE got a 6 week internship??  who's gonna make some $$ this summer?? IIIMMM gonna make sum money this summer...   go tufted titmice!
!~!~! flowers! !~!~! sunshine! !~!~! 70 degrees! !~!~! Must... remain... focused.... School is easy. Work is hard. I fear people when they are buying stuff, even art stuff. But only sometimes. It is unfortunate that most jobs do not offer flexible hours for the bipolar employees. The vernal equinox is soon,  equal day and night are a kind of balance that is needed now.
im happy cause im finally going back to hollywood.im kindof sad because im leaving mandy and kim here in sd.
my sister sara and i have a date tonight.  chubbys, then polar express! yay!   she rules!  &lt;3&lt;3
AHHH!!!  I JUST GOT MY ACT SCORES BACK AND I AM NOW OFFICIALLY GAURENTEED ADMISSION TO LSU!  YESSS! I AM SO PROUD OF MYSELF! I GOT A 27 IN ENGLISH AND MATH...THAT'S SOOO MANY MORE POINTS THAN USUAL.  i know it doesnt seem like a great score to most of you, but i'm really happy!
Maxwell is almost back to his regular old self. He had no fever at all this morning and ate his usual breakfast. He is playful, cheerful and not whiny and clingy like he has been.
i forget guys lie, but even so. they do.  whats new? i don´t remember what i wrote last time.  anyway, yesturday i didnt go out :( i wanted to see chuck play.  and what else hector got al wiered with me, but i don´t know if it´s for real, or he´s just messing with my head. who knows.  either way, im a okay
So, there I was, sitting on the deck having a cigarette feeling mildly curmudgeonly.   Traffic is stopped at a red light An I notice something that turned my mood around.  A cute little girl flashing peace signs to anyone around and waving happily if they flashed one back.     I do believe I actually chortled...
Pretty new picture! It is a surprise for Catseye from PurpleBlinkGirl and it is pretty! :D  PurpleBlinkGirl says it should be called "Kitty Eyes of DOOM!"
I finally have an uncrippled computer! I got the windows xp cd so I could get my jap support back, and I did! My anime capping will resume as soon as I can  find my DVR again ^^;
My insurance is all settled thanks to my Mom's help. I have on my desk my temporary insurance card. Provided that my car is finished at the dealership I get it tomorrow at 7pm. Oh yes. There will be pics of course.
anyone want to dress up like me and go to my physical anthropology class tonight and pretend that they are in fact me so as that i could go to the faint show tonight?
Please click here to complete yout patriot rgistration.   exta funny shit:  http://www.dubyaspeak.com
I donated 40 dollars to  Project Concerns International .    It will give a child in India shelter for two weeks.  I wish I could have given more.  That is why, after college, I'm joining the Peace Corps. Yes, I'm serious. And I think I'm going to stop wasting my money and try to donate even twenty dollars with every paycheck.
So, I'm happy at the moment, and life is being rather good right now that is all  *edit* I also wanted to say thanks to everyone who tried to make me feel better durring my funk last week, I don't know what it was, but I'm good now...yay!
dmbdragonfly      The fact that you have "Save A Horse, Ride A Cowboy"  is amazing. It's been like my favorite song forever. i love it. XD You rock hardcore  ---------------  On the phone with Ashley now. =)
I got my bike: a  Trek 3700 .  Now begins the search for the bike trails and streets to get to places the most efficient and fast way. :)
To my ears, this album is something special:  Dykehouse - "Midrange"  http://phobos.apple.com/WebObjects/MZSt ore.woa/wa/viewAlbum?playlistId=44963580    Ghostly is a really impressive label.  I might be in the city Friday night, and almost definitely on Saturday night.
Best wishes (and cake and drinks and friends...) for your birthday,       indiefic   !   I hope it's wonderful!
So, sorry I skipped out on my party y'all, but I just didn't feel like going out, so I went home and called up Tony, and when we both realized there was nothing in our fridges, we decided to go grab a bite, but when I got there, he was so tired, poor thing.... :( so they way I see it is we still need to go out sometime LOL.  What a sweetheart he is though. *smiles* I'm done now  Love y'all ~Mer~
I'm listening to Andrew Bird's amazingly whimsical  The Mysterious Production of Eggs , drinking the wonderfully mild green tea that Bubbles' mom gave us. I have my Nabokov senior thesis relatively well tamed. I feel awake for once. I AM HAPPIER THAN YOUUUU.
The best part about having a girlfriend? Getting woken up in the middle of the night by her wanting to get some.
Thank you so much to        nymphie   , for making me such  beautiful cards  to sell for Parker. I really appreciate it!
Folks, this is a monumentous day. Please, please never forget it. Today, I completed my an AP Physics problem all by myself, no leeching and no asking anyone at all for help... and who kows, I may even get it right! If that happens... well o man... that would be godly....
I just had lunch with 2 women from an email list I belong to. They're very nice. I think I've made 2 good friends. They invited me to a picnic and a party afterwards taking place tomorrow. I'm going to go. Geez! this is the most social I've been in a looooong time.
I have these old bananas in the kitchen...should I make banana bread or banana pudding? I'm leaning towards pudding. MMMMM.   Yesterday I went bonkers in the produce section. I bought strawberries, peaches, plums, cherries...and a ton of veggies. heh heh. I'm gonna have plenty of fiber.
Good news, everyone.  I got my job back at the liquor store (I'll be working at Centerville now instead of Fruitville Pike) and my car will be fixed on Saturday.  You know, sometimes good things do happen.
For some unearthly reason the bus driver thought it would be fun to run a red light on Rte 60 crossing the Fellsway (Rte 28). She almost turned against the light on her way into the T station too but fortunately she decided against it at the last minute. It's fine to have a death wish, just don't do it when I'm in the vehicle with you. Thanks.
how could things get any better, you know how they say everyone has high points in their life well this one of them for me,
I think I'm going to translate the Campanian cookbook I picked up in Napoli this trip. Already finished the chapter of liqueurs, next up is sauces. whee!
You are Apple OS X. You are beautiful, stable, and a catgirl. It&#8217;s no wonder people love you. It's sometimes a little annoying that so many people stick with the obviously inferior Windows, but since you know you&#8217;re better, you don't let it bother you much.
I'm this too!! ^_^     You Are Cinderella!        Dignified and hard working. With a gentle and soft-spoken manner you have something many people don't. Patience. Even through the moments of heartbreak you're still able to hold onto all of your hopes and dreams. Bide your time; you're dream will come true.     Which Disney Princess Are You?
One of the advantages of liking classical music is that it's so damn cheap.  I picked up six new CD's today for $26.  Sweet.
*Bounces and wags his tail ala  Millie *   The only thing wrong with it is the flannel, but that's my bad;  I should have specified a red  plaid  flannel.  Ah well. :)
I was curious, so I compiled the secret Santa's for everyone.  Yang -&gt; Felice -&gt; Andy -&gt; Sean -&gt; Austin -&gt; Vanessa -&gt; Max -&gt; Maribel -&gt; Dianne -&gt; Toni -&gt; Alan -&gt; Yang (end chain)  Anatol -&gt; Alexis -&gt; Nuri -&gt; Charlie -&gt; Susanna -&gt; Jackie -&gt; Anatol (end chain)
Curt and I! It was cool to get to meet him finally in person! :)        Ash and I! :D Best friends forever!   And now, the pic you've all been waiting for... *Drumroll*          For some unknown reason, this one came up in black and white. Don't look at me, look at the scanner that was used!!
Google, the operator of the world's most popular Internet search service, announced today that it had entered into agreements with some of the nation's leading research libraries and Oxford University to begin converting their holdings into digital files that would be freely searchable over the Web.    NY Times article
I plan to play on Lothar (EAST) for World of Warcraft...  Hit me up if you choose the same server as I!
Courtesy of a dark archon having Mind Controlled an enemy overlord (and the hydralisk within, but that got quickly killed) and then an arbiter providing field cloaking.  Zerg, of course, don't traditionally get cloaked units.  The purple colour looks a lot more effective on the Overlord than it does on my Carriers, in my mind.    (Carriers in top left are       emperor   's)
You love Benji... and u also love the band, not just for him or his looks, but for the whole bands talent, and excellent songs! a true fan of GC! u rock!     Do u like Benji from Good Charlotte?     brought to you by  Quizilla &lt;  i only took this quiz 'cause i'm taking every good charlotte quiz i see, but i posted this answer 'cause it's so true
1. Since You've Been Gone--Kelly Clarkson 2. Get Right--Jennifer Lopez 3. Karma--Alicia Keys 4. I Believe In You--Kylie Minogue 5. Free Me--Emma 6. Do Somethin'--Britney Spears 7. Rich Girl--Gwen Stefani & Eve 8. Over--Lindsay Lohan 9. Triumph of the Heart--Bjork 10. Sleeps With Butterflies--Tori Amos
http://www.deviantart.com/deviation/172 00151/   Wiggly is the man.  BTW for future reference, my maximium amount of posts a day is 4.  If that's too much for anyone, tough. :p
I re-strung my ukulele all by myself.  We just grow up so darn fast don't we?  Also, math sucks really bad.
Come on, doesn't anybody know someone in U of M's Program in the Environment?  Anybody heard of it?  I want to know if its a good program or not.  - - -  The icicles melted before I could photograph them.
God is everything and everything is God.  I (we) am (are) part of everything, and something of everything is in me (us).  Holiness is harmony.
One more shitty little essay and I'm done with this semester :-)  I don't want winter.  I don't dig it.
In the last couple weeks I moved home to live with my parents.  I am very happy here.  Pictures of my newly painting room once I get everything put away.  For the moment, here are pictures of Snoopy and I, edited to my satisfaction.              this one I didn't edit...
Today the postal service got tired of sitting on 2 packages and a letter from the U.S. for me.  The letter contained a mix-cd from the wonderful ms.       avphibes   , which is bloody excellent!  The packages were just a bunch of  magazine springs  and a  timer .
If you haven't seen this linked elsewhere you should probably watch it. It's a very very cool flash animation done to Radiohead's song Creep.   http://www.lowmorale.co.uk/creep/   If you want to download it, then right click this link and do "save as" to save the flash file.   http://www.lowmorale.co.uk/creep/fl ash/lm_creep_(FLASH).swf
People are likely to of all ready seen this, but I'll post it anyway. :)           To everyone who gave Gab (      gabfury   ) money! :D
but it's definitely snowing in London, SW5 now..  I was beginning to think I should have cycled today...
Zoe's babies:  (all agoutis)     Fifi and Moki's babies (all black and white... darn it!  LOL)   Wahoozie!  :)
Well it's sunny in East County.   And I just looked at the traffic maps for LA and San Diego, and everythings green! Let's hope it stays that way!  I'll see everyone that's going at Dave's show!
As of tommorrow, I am the proud owner of a 1990 Buick Regal. My very first car, and my very own vehicle.  YAY!
It's my lj birthday, I made it to a year, and in true Oscar style I would like to thank all my lj friends this year has be great, and I love you all :)
We've had a marvelous Christmas Eve - our traditional clam chowder, followed by driving around the area enjoying the Christmas light displays, then home for mulled wine and a cheery fire.  Tonight we watched the Grinch, and the George C Scott "Christmas Carol", which we totally adore.  Now the kitties are fed and the stockings hung by the chimney.&nbsp; So, Merry Christmas everyone!
Oh! and another fun thing that i forgot to mention about yesterday      &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 GTO!!!!!!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3    so much fun ^___^
i got the lasagna noodles, and today, i bought the tomato paste for free :D  still need ground beef/italian sausage, and the cheeses... those will definitely be more expensive.  i can make cat-style soups again, bought bouillon cubes for free as well.  yay i love stocking up on frees :D
We finally got a DVD plaer for Christmas (late, of course!). It is really cool. WE watched Monsters Inc. and Harry Potter last night. We're watching the 10th Kingdom right now. It's really cool. I'm glad we finally got our DVD player! Gotta go. Bye bye.
Actually, this may very well be my last ever LiveJournal post.  Why?  Well, it could have something to do with the fact that I'm writing my own blog stuff.  In fact, it probably does.  Until I get  http://www.dreamersvale.net/  set up, take a peek at  http://dewin.f2o.org/dk/
Today was been a fucking amazing day....why you ask? well the one reason for that would be the fact that 'bleed like me' hit stores in the U.S. today and the CD kicks ass.  I'm so happy right now
I have just seen Shrek 2 with a friend! Greeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaateeeeeeeeee movie!!! *purrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrs*
I'm on holiday. I have sung and danced and generally celebrated.  I have cycled to a garden centre and bought myself 3 ferns which are very lovely, and tomorrow I will plant them.
Cycled to Ayr Bought some skirting board Bought a book Cycled home Drank coffee in the garden Pulled old skirting off fireplace wall Re-plastered Cut new skirting to fit Ate dinner Watched telly Wrote in journal  Back to work tomorrow and Saturday, then I'm on holiday for TWO WEEKS YAAAAAY.  Will be able to see Marysia as much as she likes. YAAAAY.
Griph got the package. Let me repeat this so it sinks in for me,  Griph  got  the package . And he  loves it .
I really, really need to find a middle school/high school that offers night classes. I'm so sleepy during the day, but so awake right now...
Spring is finally here!!  I walked around downtown yesterday and today at lunchtime, and it was just gorgeous!  I think I am going to try to start walking on my lunch breaks...
From Mr. Hamelman's book.   Half whole-wheat, half bread flour, with sourdough starter.  With a bit of butter, it's one of the best breads I've ever tasted - nutty, toothsome, and light. It was the best thing that happened to me yesterday - and yesterday was a very good day.
Only about 6 hours later than planned. :-/  Ah well, it should be a wonderful weekend - I'm really excited. :)  Wish me good skiing, and no unanticipated bumps, scrapes, or breaks. ;)
I knew my immediate scores after the exam (hooray for CBT!), but just got the official score report in the mail.  Verbal: 640 (90th percentile) Quantitative: 670 (62nd percentile) Analytical Writing: 5.5 out of 6  Hotness.
Ah, long Easter weekend, spent on an island with a bunch of friends - I can take on the world again! :) Texel: chilly but sunny, good island. Friends: fun time. Food and drinks: plenty. End result: very good. Now, lessee what I've got left on my to-do list. ... Uh-oh. :D
Right on, 18 new members for our happy little club. At this rate we'll get some 40 this year. Good, very good. Heheh, torches in the dark, solemn words, and yay, you're in. Now, fun weekend! Santa's always early here. :)
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    日本語 is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
Left work wondering why there seemed to be so many "Dirty Goffiks" wondering around tottenham court road. Then remebered NIN were playing the Astoria Tonight, I knew there was a reason I was supposed to be pissed off today!! (I'm such a Goff lol)
I got enough sleep last night, for one thing, and apart from my eye bothering me a little, I'm MUCH MUCH MUCH MUCH better today than I've been in ages.  Sleep is good.  Hugs to all.  David
Nothing spells a good night "Like the sight of the Jolly Rodge on Regina's lovely shores."   Thank you Gwen it's great I sang to it all the way home.
I’ve had a bit of time to think in the last few day’s and it has come to my attention that I have an amazing group of friends out there who have shown me nothing but caring and respect in the last few months.   Thank you.
I got new shoes!  *happy goodness*  YAY YAY YAY!  ... in other news, my room smells like ass.  I don't know why, but it does.
Sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet.  Vincent (Nifty magician friend) Is coming round for diner tonight. Excellent i shall be entertained by card tricks and conversation.
whoa.  two weeks from graduation&mdash;my brother just called!  he&#8217;s been getting all kinds of sick though, and he sounds like ass from his latest bout of bronchitis.  so, in my (very short) allotment of his ten&#8209;minute call, he asks me about video games.  some things never change. ^___^  on that note, I&#8217;m gonna have me a snack and some sleep.
Her boyfriend picked her up today. &gt;:O Dammit. The cute ones are  always  straight.  Oh, well. I have enough other things to keep me busy. I think I'll drop in on Martine in the shop today, actually.  *Floos to the grate nearest the shop, then dusts off before opening the door and calling out:* Martine? It's me, dear-heart.
It was sweet, Dawn rang me up from Changi Airport and we chatted a little bit! 3 more weeks before we see each other again! Yeah!!!Got off work half an hour before everyone...*smilez* I'm so excited about the dinner tonight!!!!....*jump up and down* The Lunar New Year mood is here!!!  CONGRATS TO Diane Chun who got engaged on Sunday, cant wait to see her in wedding gowns soon!!!!
I got home this evening to find my acceptance letter into the  Worlds of Warcraft  beta. W00t! Now I can begin the exceedingly long download. With luck, I can bootstrap off of       codrus   's download and skip that part.  My LJ posts are likely to get even more infrequent...
Everyone's icons are a lot more fun now that we've been revealed.  I need to make myself some new ones.
Is how I've been feeling.   actually that's a lie. I feel oddly happy! That sentence looks weird. I'm not sure why, but doesn't it? Been listening to Snow Patrol and it's raining. I can't ever remember rain in November.
I just wanted to say..    Happy Birthday to Faye and Mel!!!   Hope you have a fun day and may all your wishes comes true!! ^^    Mel , I hope Anthony has given you my pressy by now...^^; (if now I'll take it back from him and give it to you myself ^-^)  Faye , I'll give your pressy this week ^-^
i'm in west virginia. this town is like a big party kinda.  it's my birthday. i'm gonna get drunk and rock the fuck out.
I hope that everyone had a most wonderful Christmas.  :)  Also, we're now officially, ring-on-the-finger engaged.  Just to let the whole world know.   EDIT: Apparently, I was so ecstatic that I was unable to spell "officially" correctly.
Good day everyone, and welcome Belle, aka Bob's Laptop III, daughter of Siren, descendant of Quistis.  Say hi everyone!
Welp... Looks like I won't be able to poke fun at a couple of my friends much longer. They are pulling me into a World of Warcraft. Should be fun. }=)  I'll probably get it in a day or two. Just need to take care of something which means I can aford to get the game. Go me!
"Johnnie, would you like to explain why you felt it necessary to get double murderer OJ off?"       Click on photo for CNN obit.
I just have to get through the rest of today, and I have all next week off for vacation. With Monday the 5th being a holiday for Independence Day, that makes 10 glorious days away from this place!
Good day.  M gave me 2 new CDs (Tango Project and School House Rock).  They are as lovely as lovely can be.  Learned about the historical undertones in the Wizard of Oz.  Went to Ritters for sundaes.  Played SCRABBLE in the Squarea.  See?  I told you it was good.  Oh, and the dollar I found in the parking lot a few days ago:   It amuses me.
i can't help but love this song.  ps-the girl sitting across from me in the library has an awesome skirt on....hard to describe but just looks cool.
I was not quite so preoccupied with Christmas preparations seven years ago. Seven years ago we had a baby boy! Now he stands up to my shoulder, has started calling me "MOM" in the last couple of days (rather than mommy) and informs me at every turn that he is seven and can do this or that. :)  HAPPY BIRTHDAY SEAN!!!!
Conversation with parents went much, much better than anticipated.  They read my email and we discussed things like calm, rational people and now they agree that the Honda may be a reasonable choice.  I'm going to call them from the Honda dealer once I get everything in writing but....wow.  So much less stress now.
Yeahhhhhhhh, I'm now a proud owner of a Nintendo D... hahaha no what am I saying, ...PSP.  I think i'm gonna go pick up Lumines tomorrow, EB didn't have any, but I saw some at my local best buy.
SAM!  I got the disc you made me.  I am going to listen to it on my drive down to Phoenix on Thursday!  SO excited!  Thank you!!
mum woke me up ard 10am coz she cooked something new for breakfast and die die wan me to eat...then say after eating then go back to sleep...abit weird hoh? but oh well...its hard to drag me out of bed.....so.....food will do the trick...^^lll...
He produced  Whoa Nelly!  I was trying to download his new song, I could only find this one. I'm satisfied. for now
i need a new livejournal icon BADLY. anyone want to hook a nucka up and help me make one? i dont have photoshop or any photo program on my computer that will shrink pics to 100x100 pixels. so. someone. please. help a hoe out. thanks
My boyfriend is an angel. He just made me the most amazing romantic candle-light dinner, with all my favorit foods that he went out of his way to get. I don't deserve him.  I am the luckiest girl alive, I tell you.
I went into town tonight, bought a new coat. Its a dark green sort of a colour, Calvin Klein and it cost lots of money, but I like it so I am happy.
Seryna-chan gave each of us a gift in her birthday (^^) (I didn't know you had to give others gifts in your own birthday! Seryna-chan is so unique and kind, ne?)  She gave me a Old Purple Box like the one I gave her. But inside I found...     A clip @A@!!!!!! Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa... Her present is much better than my potato! I feel so bad now (ToT)
AwWwWwWwWwW I want to explode. :)   Have any of you played a game of Tic-Tac-Toe against Psy? He's impossible! He beat me by 11-3 or something around there. He says I'm getting better, but I doubt that.
i drew a line for you. oh, what a thing to do.  your skin, oh yeah your skin and bones. turning in to something beautiful.
today... little cj does NOT feel pretty.  nope. nuh uh. no way.  not she.   not me.  im going on a diet.   i dont feel pretty, not so pretty, i dont feel pretty and witty and GAY and i pity anyone who has to see me today *la la lalala*   *burp*     i feel fat.         *sticks tongue out at world*
THIS WAY UP   �      akirashinigami has fragile contents which may break!     Username:     From  Go-Quiz.com
I officially like Mariano Rivera a whole lot. He looks genuinely amused and not just "Heh...heh...I have to smile so they don't know how pissed off I am. Heh..."    *LOVE*    The Fenway Faithful giving A-Rod a standing ovation after he managed to throw Belli out at first:    TEDY! No cheating on Tommy, now!
Mientsweetass just hit his first homer of the season. YAY MINTY!! Also I love that he bats without batting gloves. That's so sexy. And I am SUCH a dork for thinking so.   Erm, that is all. Back to your regularly scheduled lives.   ETA:  I love my new icon! By       _deathcabcutie
Well, the SPA 210 class I was talking about has already filled up all 20/20 slots for the class.  Of course, knowing people goes a long way, though.  One of the teachers for the class is John Moore, and I just happen to know him because of the  Spanish Club Conversation Table  for the month of February. I sat next to him at the restaurant and we had a really good conversation.       :-)
Wow!  I didn't even have my laptop on eBay for 3 hours, and it already sold. The person used the "Buy It Now!" option for $650.00.  Excellent :-)
Muahahaha.  I got an 88 on my second Sociology exam.  After bonus credit (12 points), I'll have a 100...I can almost guarantee it. I don't think I will miss any of the 12 points on the bonus.  On the first exam, I got an 86 on the exam itself, then 11/12 on the bonus for a final score of 97.  Man, there's no way I won't have an A in this class.
Peter Serafinowicz and Robert Popper are the new Fry and Laurie .  And     My mother brought them back for me from Melbourne, and I love them, so shaddup.
I got a book about Canada from 1999.  But that's just because I rock it old school.   I may or may not be taking some risque pictures soon.  I don't really think much of it actually.   My nose is leaking, but at least I'm not sick...  I still get kinda lonely sometimes.   Where is everything heading?  I wish I could stop asking myself that,  But I am happy.
UH yeah im chillin with bowen cause he does'nt suck! besides that i just been kicking around looking for work and drinking and being very poor due to no money or job , thinking of schooling? besides that im good and shit and soon to probably be single so ya! anyways keep it cool email me if u want my number cause ishould of gave it out in the frist place anyways later peoples!~
You know what's the best thing in the world?  Falling in love all over again with the person you fell in love with in the first place...
More Cowboy Beebop, can you say kick ass?  I can't wait for this ^_^  http://www.cowboybebop.org/english/ut/in dex.html
I am  Indie Girl  Click on the picture below to read more:      Take the 'What Kind of Girl Are You?' quiz at CookingToHookup.com                          super cool.
Many of you love to make icons, and all of you on my friends-list love at least one Whedonverse show, therefore:         _whedonicontest      Run. Join. Make with the merry, and the icons!  Because it's just so much fun *g*  *sidenote*  I'm seriously considering getting a paid LJ - more icons *sob*  I'm in denial.
Ludo is afraid of orange segments, but I love him anyway.   Its really cold here and I love it. I like going out to the park and getting all numb from the cold, then coming inside to this warm house. The temperature change makes my skin change from pink to white and sometimes during the change it looks like polka dots.
First, start out by getting up at 2 in the afternoon.  Then, after a relaxed breakfast, take the last cup from your second cup of tea out into the garden with you and finish it while picking and eating handfuls of blueberries, raspberries, and blackberries.
Specifically   http://www.kathleenedwards.com/home.sht ml   If embedded music content messes with your browser, just listen to this:  http://www.kathleenedwards.com/Back_To_ Me.mp3
Happy Birthday to You! Happy Birthday to You! Happy Birthday Dear Momo!!!!!!!! Happy Birthday to You!   So, what would you like? Senpai's treat!
This will be my final post here in lj...however, this is not my final exploit as a blogger, I have simply relocated to xanga.com.  So do visit me over at my new blog at:  www.xanga.com/psycho_ako  Hope to see you guys there and keep on blogging!
So today I met Ron Levant - the president of the American Psychological Association.  Big deal for me.
Test, Class, Work.    But got to work with Nikki for 3 hours - we could probably host a very funny talk show.  But really the point of this post isn't to talk about her - it's to mention that I got 100% on my stats test!    Got a little time before meeting up at 4th street -- so I think I'll get some work on my masters thesis...  should really finish it up soon - means i should start writing it.
If your name is on this list - i need your updated emails:  Todd Foose Todd Rainer Veto Scott Griffith Zintel
So I got a new phone.  Best buy replaced my broken one for free.  Quite nice of them to honor their extended warranty.  In any case, the good news is I still have all the phone numbers.  The bad news is that I lost all of the pictures for caller-id.  So I'm going to have to take some pictures of people again so they're in the phone!
Today on Discover: when swing dancers get dehydrated!  Drinking my third gatorade of the day (read: last 40 minutes I've been awake).  It ought to make for great stories of nearly bursting later on the road to Lexington.  Now I just have to decide which car to take...  do I take my car or the Z4?
"Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must be first overcome." 	- Samuel Johnson  I'm about to go for my first run in a long while.  I'm excited!  I guess it's been a month now -- I hope these old knees have a few more miles on them.  I'm still in an absolutely incredible place in my life.  I can't remember feeling this positive and free.
well things seems to be going good, i hope my evil luck doesn't take it all awake from me like it always does.
At 0.05 UK time  invasion of the body snatchers  will begin on BBC 1!!     Hmmmm.... I'm eating crackers (Finse rondes) with the strrrrrong garlicbutter I made earlier today. Uh-huh. I'm not going anywhere tonigh, because I probably am surrounded by a strrrong garlicssmell, hehehe :)
woo hoo its my birthday today..im now 18...hehehehe only 2 hours and 10 mins to go till its all over..hahaha then i got the party on the weekend..lmao... huggles for u all
More than 2 months have passed since my birthday happened. And I am still getting gifts. Thanks for the Lord of The Rings posters, Sids. The funny thing is the allposter.com guys couriered them twice! So now I have four LOTR posters. Muahahahahaha :D
Not overly wonderful but, the one thing that really strikes as Christmas to me and gives me the warm fuzzies all over is Nat King Coles  "The Christmas Song: chestnuts roasting on an open fire"  It just played on the company radio and all is good! :)
My life has changed....a whole lot. I have so much to say, to tell, but my expressions lack the beauty and grace that the events deserve. Haven't had time to visit around here as often as i wanted to but i will be writing a lot more here. I am missing this place a lot.   Lots has happened, lots. :)
There is a person in my past who, when I gave them ecstacy for the first time, pointed out to me [paraphrased], "for a misanthrope, you sure like people a lot".  I think of that often, because she was right.  Tonight especially reminded me of it, because there were a lot of people around me that I really like.  Thanks y'all, I had a great time.
poohmusings    just sent me the cutest little bear keychain with my name on it.  It is so cute and so *soft*!!  I just want to snuggle it!  Thanks so much, Karen!  I was having a particularly crummy day and I got home and found a package with your return address on it.  It made my week!  *Smooches*
Such a different take on these songs.  Good, but 'when the levy breaks' is just not what i expected.  I do like it, but...they're just so different, it's almost not comparable. Have a smashing good Thanksgiving break darling.  Each and everyone of you...no, really, do.  aaaaaaaand I'm spent.
Start Low-Carb Diet and stick to it . . . check! Lose 15 to 20 lbs . . . check! Fix Up Car . . . check!  Three down, Five more to go!
Hooray!  A parcel has finally arrived from Amazon.  (I see why the Canadian one costs less - they send it by yak.)  I have my *Oz* season four and my biography of Emily Dickenson.  Because they go so well together.    Also, check out the fabulous icon made by ForCryingOutLoud.
How I love being on leave.  Yesterday I bought copies of *The Lone Gunmen* and *Jeremiah* and I found a copy of Boswell's journals.  In the afternoon I went to UWA and photocopied an article on racial conceptions of Irishness and another on the local battles of the 1460s in Yorkshire.  I think I'll save those for when I'm back at work next week.  If only I could be on leave all the time....
Hooray Swancon!  No energy for coherence but hoorah for Swancon, the funnest and bestest con in the whole darn world!  I am filled with love for fans.
One - I went for a walk this evening and the transformer on the corner which used to make a constant buzzing noise is now an ex-transformer and ex-pole.  Tomorrow I'll look the other way to see if the other noisy pole is also toast.    Two - The housemate and I watched *Call of the Wild*.  How I love *Due South*.  It has the best ending of any show ever!
Good old Arsenal, Good old Arsenal, We're proud to say that name. And while we sing this song, We'll win the game.  I'm excited because I got my new Arsenal jersey in the mail today. I know nobody else cares but I'm happy since I messed up my old Arsenal jersey by putting it in the dryer. So I'm happy!
Still not dressed... a litlle depressed?  I'm just a bit lazy, can't you see?  I'm awfully happy, but sometimes I feel a bit crappy.  I have nothing to complain about, sometimes I just have to shout!  Not supposed to worry this much, can't help to think such thoughts.  I am happy, I can say, but only not always found, if I may.
Whow! Wer're at lowlands, it's raining so badly, tnx god there's internet, Tom is here as well!!! Because of the rain it's been horribly cold tonight... this night will be better, the three of us.  We've seen: Keane, N*E*R*D....  will get more... ;p
The Potion Maker      wicked_goddessium  is a cloudy, porous orange solid derived from the root of a burning bush.      Mix with wicked_goddess! Username:        Yet another fun meme brought to you by  rfreebern
Well, I've been around...and I came across a lj group called ship_manifesto when checking my friends' entries. And guess what? There was a Homura x Goku essay posted up done by D-chan, one of my favourite authors! And even more, one of my Homura x goku stories were mentioned!!   ^____^ I'm so happy...
I had a really good day today and I'm not sure why. Things were humming along, work was being done, and I just found myself smiling all the time. Even the cold I've got wasn't getting me down.   &#10003;  - decent job  &#10003;  - social life  &#10003;  - place of my own  &#10003;  - great friends  &#10003;  - Sainsbury's Green &amp; Black Olive Houmus
I've just been put on hold by the o2 disconnections department, the hold music song lyrics seem to go as follows:  "No I won't go even though I know where you've been I can't help myself I've got to see you again"  Very appropriate I thought :)
If you can spare ten seconds then pop yourself over  here  and vote for million dead, please.   Don't get distracted by bright eyes and Adam Green, i'll know!
Morning is the time when I hunt around the house, high and low, for a human knick-knack that is destined to be my cat toy.  Then I bat it around the house for hours, or as long as I feel like.  Weekend mornings are bothersome because the humans angrily take my toys away and grumpily stomp back to bed.  What's their problem?  -Oliver
As of tomorrow I will not be on-line until either Monday or Tuesday. (Monday is most likely) I'm going to be with Becca_Mew at Arlington, VA for Katsucon. I'm taking plenty of pictures, so I'll show 'em off when I'm back home and get them developed k? ^_^
Please leave comments on them. I wanna know what you think. *chibi eyes of DOOM*   http://www.deviantart.com/deviation/135 51641/    http://www.deviantart.com/deviation/135 51699/    http://www.deviantart.com/deviation/135 51905/   &lt;-- My best one. ^__^
I'm so incredibly happy right now it's awesome...even though it is 2am I'm happy like over the moon happy... it's GREAT.
k self me mitch and andy on same server :0   atm 10 orc warrior/28 ud priest.  playing warr while mitch levels up his shaman.  back to real life.  I love the winter.  just makes me happy all the time :)
:)  14/tauren shaman  12/undead priest  probably going to rm the priest in mul'ganis so I can be with other people I know.
I saw stars tonight, real stars!  I saw Orion's Belt!  Beautiful. For some reason, I take this as a good sign.
Go New York! The court just ruled bans on same-sex marriage unconstitutional. If it's upheld, we'll be the first state to follow Massachusetts.
It's been a loong time  since I updated. Sorry for holding you cats in suspense, but there's a lot going on right now...
This is a classic case of, "my brother just fucked me rotten, do I have to go on stage?".    Joel throwing a temper tantrum.      Stoner Billy. This one's for Daniel especially. ^_^    Awwww, I remember when Cash was that small! He got so big!    Me and my bestest buddy.
The Carbon River Road reopened.  I was kind of expecting them not to reopen it, but, it does get a LOT of people in the summer.  That means I can take more pictures of here again:   http://nwphotos.photosite.com/mtrai nier/Ipsut_Falls.html   :)
Well it has been over a week now since I had my wisdom teeth taken out. I feel like myself again. I am glad that I will never have to do that again.
Well Christmas is finally over! I'm so glad. I got a lot of great presents and I love all of them. I got two things that I liked the best. It was the bracelet and ring that Michael got me, but you have to remember that I am a female and we love jewelery! I hope that everyone had a great Christmas and that Santa was good to you. =)
Congradulations! you are going to marry freddie prinze jr.!! Hes cute, loyal, funny, sweet... what more could you ask for?      Which male celebrity are you going to marry? (14 choices now!!)     brought to you by  Quizilla        HE'S CUTE!!!!!!!!!!!
Tom Bombadil is a merry fellow! Bright blue his jacket is, and his boots are yellow! Will try and use this Livejournal thing, Just have to wait and see what time brings!
I gots a new (for me) car.   94 Kia Sephia  My classes end at 9:pm now on Mondays and Thursdays, buses stop running before I can get home.  Parents don't want to drive all the way to Tacoma at 9:pm twice a week to pick me up.  So, I got a car.  I'll need to get a job very soon, though, as my dad doesn't want to pay my insurance for long, and I don't want him to, either.
I found the Beyond Good & Evil soundtrack!!  This makes me HAPPY.  I also believe I've found where Ailsean puts his work these days, which also makes me HAPPY.  These things can be found at  http://nintendoinsider.com/site/EpZlppy ZVEShihRvCx.php  and  http://www.vgmix.com  respectively.  Swordtacular!
As many of you found out when you opened your curtains this morning, it snowed overnight and could well be snowing as you read this!&nbsp; I decided to grab some images of the snow as it fell in our road and they're...                 Rob
Just had the call I've been waiting for.&nbsp; I'm back at the distribution centre from tonight :-)&nbsp; Means I'll be earning again :-D  Rob
You're "All is Full of Love"!  You appreciate the true beauty of love, and seek it all around you.  You should appreciate your life!      Which Bjork Song Are You (complete)?     brought to you by  Quizilla
You are Eddie. You no-good kid you, party on to the grave.      Which Rocky Horror character are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
Okay, so I didn't ask for permission to upload this pic, but what the hell... That's my soulmate. Cool haircut, huh? :D  And I've realised that if I want something to happen with Jesper I'll have to see to it myself, because he's not going to help. Which is a bit frustrating, since I consider myself to be very shy. Feels strange that someone can be even more shy than I am. O_o
Too much chocolate. Kill me now.  In other news, I am a wuss of gigantic proportions. I have bought a copy of resident evil 3 and am too afraid to play it alone. Every time I want to play it I have to ask my younger and shorter sister to sit in the room with me.  *facepalms*
My  Unitarian  Jihad Name  is:  Sister/Brother Machine Gun of Warm Humanitarianism .    Get yours .     The gods too are fond of a joke.     -Aristotle (384 BC - 322 BC)
I have sent out the application and registered to take the test on December 4th.  I can not wait at all!!
Theo and I went to Lossarnarch for about a week to celebrate our honeymoon.  ((The mun used to have this chat, but she lost it when her computer crashed. So. You'll have to pretend you saw it.))  Anyway, it was a nice week alone. Now to find Hygd and take care of those under my command...
Well well well. Im glad im homeschooled. I would be working rite now but im done with my work. Because its easy so...... yea thats it so gotta go watch tv and eat and work out bye.
Well, I stole th-, ahem, borrowed this, from  Tiffany     "If you woke up and I was in bed with you, what would be your first thought?"   Now I demand answers!!!
so like...  who wants to go dancing with me at the redlight sting show at hells kitchen this saturday ?  cause i want to dance with you too. so.... GO.
GRAMMY AWARD-WINNING POP ICON BRITNEY SPEARS       AND HUSBAND KEVIN FEDERLINE      COME TO UPN WITH A NEW SERIES TO SHARE THEIR   PERSONAL LOVE STORY   THROUGH    PRIVATE HOME VIDEOS AND REVEALING COMMENTARY
My mom just sent me the biggest surprise--two new La Perla bras!  I love that my mom and I are so open about our love for high-end underwear.  Heaven is a radical feminist as your mother--she thinks shes a woman so she (and I) deserve the very best.  Shes so cute!
I love school so far.  I got an A- on my first Writing the Essay paper, but other than that, Im doing well.  I had a party here last night.  Omg, so many people came.  Some people I didnt even know when they showed up.  I made a lot of new friends.  I gotta go clean up now though, then off to Kimmel to get some studying done.
I am no longer single. I am sure none of you want to hear any details, so I won't bore you with them.  ;-)
I was just playing EB! I've never played the game in like..4 months! I had so much fun!  I think I'll play again sometime..
had a great valentines day took some time off after to send with my wife it was a mini vacation where we just spend time together. My wife didnt want jewlery or chocolate or flowers for valintines she wanted a video game. so I got it for her and she bought me one as well. Yet another reason why i love my wife how many other wifes want a viedo game for valentines?
My outercourse activity is snuggling!      Which Sexual Outercourse Act Are You? (with pictures)     brought to you by  Quizilla    Thats soooooooooooooo me, I hope she understands that too....:-)
I sent out some of my Christmas presents today, so that if they don't fit, I can try to alter them on the train, or before we leave.  So if they don't fit, let me know, I'm good with quick alteration spells.  I can't wait to see my family again.
Yay Fozzie's coming home today, but I'm going to miss him because his plane gets here the same time I have to leave for work. :(
*walks around Tirion, whistling*  *thinks he hasn't thought about  her  in ages*  ...  &gt;.&lt;  *still, is optimistic his new  mun  will give him the sort of treatment he DESERVES*   ((*snigger*))
O my Faelivrin, where art thou?  Your Gwindor has returned to you and no petty mortal can stand between us here in the Blessed Realm.  Come to me, my love.
I just want to say Happy Birthday to   Ogre  !!!     Happy Birthday Darling!     Shall I come back to bed now?
My date was wonderful he was so nice and caring. Even though they all start out that way. Ryan is Perfect so far and after we went to shooters we came here and he hung out with my mom, and was cool with It I dont understand. but im happy. I have go get going though I have to work at 5 am Blah!
there's nothing like warm snow.  After my Conservation course, I ran into Meg, and we both were enamoured by the gorgeously warm snow.  Big-Time-Happy Hearts day to everyone.  The Shippensburg University band was selling lolipops- happened to have my favorite flavor, I had to indulge in a little taste of Cotton Candy.
Found my Carpenters music. Listened to said Carpenters music. I feel better. Of course, now I want to sing their harmony styles.  "And so I'll say goodbye to love..."
I am getting my baby a gift a rather attractive one at that. Just a little somethn to show her as being mine *grins* Here she be  http://www.stormyleather.com/product.as p?0=298&1=320&3=32
I went to Walmart tonight to pick up some stuff for my big music apprec project, and found The Postal Service's "We Will Become Silhouettes" single in the CD section!  I love that song so damn much.  (It's always a surprise to find stuff like that at Walmart, too.)  Also:  I have reached over 10,000 songs listened to on my  Audioscrobbler !  Wow I've sat on the computer a lot.  :/
pictures of me suck. I was just going to change mine, and couldn't find one that I liked, so I just took off any pictures.
the last few days have been awesome  wild time with rach......... piercing and tattoo party time with geri........ beer pong w/ brett and billy in my basement! crazy time with sasha....... finding a new spot quality time with family.... seeing my favorite show  what more could i ask for??   keep the good times rollin'  ~LRR
Who are your Celebrity Parents? by opp_girl_4_tp      Your Name           Your Mom    Jennifer Lopez      Your Dad    Ozzy Osbourne             Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen  !
Happy Birthday Girlie!  Hope you have a WONDERFUL Birthday! :)   (*thanks to DivaChickie for the tip!*)
Going out to buy car mats. I want to play with car all the time. I like the car. Going to buy nice presents for the car :D
She was just born a few minutes ago. She's about a month premature, but aside form being small (6lbs, 5oz) she is in perfect health.
so many negative things happend this month....  such as: car getting fucked, insurance going up, getting sued for 500 dollars, getting 2 tickets, not having car, and fighting with krissy a little.   Some good things happend too... such as: getting job at Farmer Jack, up north, and hopefully no more fighting.
I woke up around 10 this morning got cleaned up and started putting more clothes away and around 1 or so maybe a little after I started talking to Bridget which was cool because,it's been awhile since I have talked to her but,the best part is when she came over.Alright I don't know what else to say so I am gonna get going and maybe I will update later. peace out  Kelly
I am here at my mall...Fingerlakes. I still can't believe that they have wireless internet. People stare at Shaun and I becuase Shaun and I are the only ones with computers here. Well I am gonna go and check my email. Hope everyone is having a good day.  Ps...Punky Brewster season 2 is coming out the 8th of next month.
Septn the day with Aimee, Megan, Breanne, and I got to meet Rich. Twas fun, I'm glad I didn't go up to Minnesota today (don't worry Walker, I'll be there tomorrow!). We played some DDR and met up at The VIne. Afterwards we went to my place and watched some of my Furfest DVD (Rich is a furry XD) and played some Karaoke Revolution 3. Yay more fun. So today was pretty cool for me. :P
I don't think I've ever done a rec before, though I've certainly benefited from them, but here's mine.
Last night we ordered pizza and watched 4 or 5 episodes of Sex and the City. It was fun! I never get tired of Sex and the City. Tonight I think we are going out to dinner with Lisa's friend Stacey. Maybe after we will come back and watch a movie. Tomorrow I think we are seeing Lindsay again and watching some more Sex and the City!   Hmmm. I thought I had more to write about!
well this is my last post for this term, i wont be back till after the new years well i hope you gusy have a good holiday and a grate new year  cya in Jan  ~Rap
I pierced Zach's ear a few hours ago ^.^ (With some help from Elliot who aided me in pushing the needle all the way through because I was way too afraid to hurt him)  =D  &lt;3333333  aannndd I have a bunch of pictures, new mac makeup, and other random crap since zach came back but I'm too lazy to post now. wheeeeeeee.
I've decided to shut up and be in a good mood.&nbsp;&nbsp; I just might  make it  in this crazy world afterall, if I survive Hebrew that is.&nbsp; Ani yodat evrit, ani yodat evrit!&nbsp; Ken, ken!&nbsp; Haha, I'm just gonna smile right now, cuz its more fun that way.&nbsp;  Happy days  ... for real, kiddo.
man, i am so not a fan of the emotional state i'm in. hard to describe. i kinda feel like a supporting actor. and hell, even jacob carter had a symbiote.  i most likely won't be around for a while. later.
I just finished my first major project for Digital Imaging! Yay! Here's a link to it:  http://www.deviantart.com/deviation/549 8714/   I'm still on a high from yesterday's Toonami announcement. ^_^
not much to say, but school sucks with the block schedules on wednesdays and thursdays....each class is 2 hrs long....aiya...anyways Happy MOON FESTIVAL!!! get to eat mooncake!!! oh yeah i got a "live strong" bracelet:
Alright, I was going to make this heartfelt jounral entry about something... but I just got my chinese food! lol
Luckiest guy alive...great weekend with Vanessa and her parents, all so accepting and nice and caring.  And you are one of a kind!!!!  :-D  Bellows, tell your aide to die next time he/she bitches at you to get in bed.  And Donno, Manny's email reminded me of you.
oh yeh by the by, forgot to say that am going to milton keynes snow dome on the 6th for a lesson, just that peeps was saying they might wanna come...
Dave :)..you've now turned 22 so...well...at least it's palindromic :) Hope you have had a wonderful day
Mandy(ty) ...not sure how often you read these, but it should still be known to all, hehe. May you have a wonderful day :)
EVAN POWERS a HAPPY BIRTHDAY...welcome to the realm of gamblers and alcohols buyers, hehe...may you have a wonderful day
My devotion to the internet has faltered, but luckily my apartment is finally wired for high speed cable internet. The technician comes Monday to set it all up.  Yippee!  DSL blows ass
I have to give my parents credit. Today was their 39th wedding anniversary. I can't imagine being that old, and with someone that long.   Pretty neato
Everybody, come to my   Graphic Guestbook !  You can make an entry by clicking on the "neue Seite eintragen" button down left on the page. And please draw me something! :D Anything. Please?  The first one gets a cookie! :D
Well, I may not have saved the bunny, but I saved a birdy! My cat brought in a little field sparrow, but it wouldn't fly away, so I put it in a little box in my room for about an hour, and then it flew away. :) That made me happy.
Happy Birthday, Tonks!   I hope you have a lovely day!  I miss our chats, hopefully Ginny and I can get together with you soon!
Happy Birthday, Luna!    I've a small gift for you, nothing much really, but I'll give it to you at lunch, okay?
Today I had a productive day, w00t!&nbsp; So what did I do, you are all clamouring to know, well sit down nice-like and I shall tell.
00060672    here are the photos of me wearing the belty you wanted! Sorry it tooks ages... oh and they're here as I don't have your new email addy. (THANKS AGAIN DARLS!!)            ...
things are going good. lots of work and school. just got done with my government test. oh yeah, and me and jennifer are going out now. time for more work. yay.
American Idol is on tonight! No more auditions- we are down to the competition!  Hollywood, California!  And once more- cheer for Ian! If you've forgotten what he looks like, I'm posting the pic from his AI audition.
*sings*  Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday dear sariyuki, Happy birthday to you.  just so you all know IT IS SARIYUKI'S BIRTHDAY (Or was I'm not 100% sure but it's the thought that counts) so everyone make sure you say happy birthday to her K?
Hiya!  HAd the interview this morning, it went very well the head was very positive and has asked me to spent friday at the school, and by the end of fri i will know if i got the job or not!  Dont know if i mentioned it but while in Worcester on sat i met a nice young man, dont wanna say too much cos i usually jinx it if i do but, yeah is all i can say!!!
...well i had my graduation on thursday, went well a very manic day but it was good, got some great photos!  went out friday night got very drunk, danced loads! got a phone call from mum telling me not to worry but she had just got home from casualty, so as a result i am home till tues morning, was gonna come home anyay but that gave me more of a reason!
I am SO happy about leaving to New Orleans, especially to live with the boyfriend. I feel so grown up. Let's hope I can pay grownup bills. The only part I'm not excited about is getting a Uhaul and towing my heavy wooden furniture across no mans' land. But, I am determined. The big day is Sunday the 13th. Lucky 13...  And now for a quiz I stole from my boy toy.
this is for a reason... it is about to be an episode of passions up in here..     what goes aroud come around....what goes up MUST come down
I wrote my Discrete Structures final. I think I did well on that, but I got a headache from all that thinking. I came home and played Super Smash Brothers Melee for about two hours. I am leaving tomorrow morning to come home for a few days. I made a slight change of plans for Saturday. Instead of seeing The Jon Fredrik Band, I'm going down to Boston to see Heather. Yes, she lives!
My first final is tomorrow. I hope I pass. I'm not going to try to think much of it. I'll probably pass.
Yay for books and music in the mail! That's really all I had to say. Except my week from hell is over and I don't really have jack to do all weekend. Holler at that   ~out like my stress
i saw walls of jericho, and bury your dead. hung out with my boys at denny's. ray your nasty but i still love you. jimmy same thing to you.   yesterday was awesome. i didnt go to class. hung out with my baby. went to the beach. had funnel cake. took pictures. i loved it. it was the best. and what.   tomorrow is going to be rad. rain.
i went to hang out with the boys. i saw the corsica boys. i saw eddie. yay and mathew phillips. hung out with my boyfriend. got kneed in the leg by javi. hung out with the boys. laughed at chino's house. it was fun.  tonight. dinner with my boyfriend alone. ahahaha suckers.  i love you baby.
My family is so awesome. For Fathers Day, they bought me a portable DVD player and the NYPD Blue Season One DVD set. This is in addition to having to put up with me on a daily basis. I love you guys!!  Also, thanks to  Drew   I found out that my  Star Wars Villain  name is  Darth Copulator.  AWESOME. Of all the villian names, I get THAT.
Popes dead.  I'm sure alot of atheists (including myself) are happy today, overwhelmed if anything, so I'm gonna be partying for the rest of the day.  Lets go get drunk and kill some midgits.  Oh yeah PS: www.napoleonsolomusic.com  Our song is up on purevolume.com so make sure you check it out. You can get their via the Audio link on our site. Enjoy!
Last night was the new sisters first meeting, and our elections, our new e-board looks just snappy, and I'm pretty excited.  I just love Delta Delta and I thought I'd share.
Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday dear n0n0...Happy Birthday to you!  Hope your day is wonderbar, we'll see you tonight.  ;)  P.S.  Did you happen to hear your cell phone voicemail this morning.  There is a bitchen duet on it, check it out!
Went to the greyhound track tonight and I did bet on about 4/5 races and I won about £30.. jesus.. i never win...so I'm well happy! :D  Jo paid for my bday present today and so I got my ear pierced £28 with solution, it fucking kills but I like it :D :D :D :D
Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    DDR               Quiz created with MemeGen  !             Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    Anime OST               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
...where words don't seem to cut it.  * HAPPY *  And work was fantastic. Hell, everything is fantastic.  Comfort... what the hell was I worried about?  NOTE TO SELF:  Next time, Comfort AND Protection.  (Hand + Forehead = *WHAP*)
Tomorrow, Emily officially becomes my Bahama-mama.  Also, I'll be leaving 48&deg; low and 58&deg; high weather for 72&deg; low and 82&deg; high weather.  I approve greatly of this, and I'm wondering if Emily and I will bother to return.  I should finish packing now.  :)
Yay for amine :) Got Sam's stuff today. :D Going to watch Sorcerer Hunters in a while. Ever since I first read the anime in TokyoPop all those years ago, I've liked it. :D  Also got Cowboy Bebop, Norah Jones-Come Away with me, The LOTR ROTK OST (ooh abbreviations o.O), and the very cool FFVI and FFVII piano collections. :D
I just pulled another 50$ lol.. this is so my game...  more later when I've played myself broke and only have my ibook, walking the streets trying to connect from wlans, begging for food.. :p  edit @ 7:19, another 30$... wohoo
Click here to be their  "totally awesome Internet buddy"  and download their newest, bestest song "Peg Me". Much better than Johnny McGovern (or what's his face).
Happy Birthday       lysrouge   !    I hope your day goes well. And the drinking too. Can't forget about that part. ^_^
Francine from Waldenbooks' payroll just called me to let me know of an outstanding paycheck from 2003, wondering if I knew anything about it.  I do not, so they will reissue it.  "How much is it for?"  I ask.  "137 dollars," Francine replies.     Yahoo for "free" money!
At long last, an entry about our trip to  "Las Vegas"  two weekends ago.  We had a fabulous time.  And there are photos, too!
I'm  "Still Smiling"  about my birthday weekend.  A lot of fun, it was!  So I wrote about it some more.
Today is my  "Six-Squared"  birthday.  Thanks to folks who have wished me a happy one!  It's been fun.  Please note that my e-mail and the URL for my Web site and journal have changed from spies.com to  leftfield.org , and update your bookmarks and links accordingly.  Thanks!
My sister sent me a picture of her first ultrasound today (with her cell) and, awwww, it's so cute! The baby is still tiny, about four and a half centimeters long, but you can clearly see all its parts. :D
*stands in front of his full length mirror, straightening his formal black dress robes in preparation for the entombment*  *hums under his breath*   Happy birthday to me, happy birthday to me, happy birthday to meeeeeeeee, happy birthday to ME!   *watches as his reflection breaks out in to a sly grin*   Happy birthday indeed.
A japanese girl is staying at our place for a couple of days. We're having so much fun! ^.^  We played nintendo and watched the super mario bros. super show. We even played some ddr/dmx together. Oh, btw she says in japan mostly "dorukusu" play ddr. : P  Too bad she has to go home tomorrow evening.
Okay, over-excited, maybe? But, we could win Ravenclaw the Quidditch Cup for the first time in...oh, I don't even know how long! Cho, Padma, Terry, Michael...everyone. You were all wonderful out there. Hufflepuff, you played very well, too.    I think this calls for a celebration, yeah?
The Beast      Who's Your Ideal Disney Guy?     brought to you by  Quizilla    Wow. What can I say? I think it's true.
In Temple for Easter. Went for mexican food ( "wo, nachos"  &lt; /beavis-n-butthead&gt;) and to see a movie (Miss Congeniality 2; movie was good, Sandra bullock is hot; that is all) with Whitney, a girl i went to high school with.  hmm.  maybe if i have to move back to Temple after college (in a month and a half) it won't be all bad...  *smile*
Happy Easter!!!!! I took some pics of the kids this morning with their easter baskets, I might put them up later.
i really strongly dislike school. actually, i could deal with school if they didn't give hw. i really loathe hw.  but other than hw and chores, today was one of the best days i've had in a while.  i really, really can't spell "the" on the computer. i always type "teh" instead and have to go back and change it.
I met a girl last night. She's quite young but way too fun.  Not to mention fucking beautiful.   It's too soon to be thinking about it this much.
I got the most beautiful Christmas card today, it was so cute. My mom was even gushing over it.     Thanks Davy  *hugs and kisses*
I could not love this show anymore.  :D   Matthew Fox *swoon*   I've had a crush on him since "Party of Five".
aaaaaaaaaaaah i'm  22 !!!     goodbye youth! hahaha. oh well. looking forward to another year of wisdom and experiences!
The guy at the Farmer's Market doesn't know it yet, but he just got a life long customer. The guy sells diet rootbeer. Good diet rootbeer. Diet rootbeer that tastes like rootbeer and has  zero calories.  It's not the cheapest rootbeer I can buy, but hell, all the taste and no calories.  Love.
Sweet!!!  They must have disabled the firewalls at work again as I can get to LJ!  Woot!  Man, I'm NEVER able to access this site from work, I'm going to enjoy it while it lasts.
I found a Jubilee/Bobby fic!!! :: hyperventilates::forces herself to calm down:: ( Two of Us  by the ever amazing Alex)  JL/BD is the best pairing ever! Save, maybe for Jubilee/Gambit or Jubilee/Hank &lt;3  Allow me to squeal now :D
Duncan and I are catching a late plane back to Seacouver tonight.    I must admit, being away, even if just for a long weekend, was pretty nice.  No loose immortals, or crazy Watchers (Sorry Joe) to worry about.  And Duncan was ever so sweet too.  It was relaxing.  Adam, don't think I forgot the promise for chocolate.  And you might want to hide from Duncan for a few days.
Kenneth just called me and he is home! Holy shit! I am in such a good mood right now. He wrote me a letter saying it would be a couple of more months and now he is home and I get to see him in time for my birthday. Yay! :) I gotta get ready and head to the club now! Yay! Yay! Yay!
Fenella is a very rare female name. Very few females in the US are named Fenella. Be proud of your unique name! source  namestatistics.com      Johnson is the #2 most common last name. 0.81% of last names in the US are Johnson. Around 2025000 US last names are Johnson! source  namestatistics.com      Hockey club ball is tonight!! Yayyyyyyyyy!!!   xxxxf
Of late, I get a lot of people telling me, "Did you get my message?" I answer, "What message?" They say, "On MSN." I say, "Nope." They say, "MSN sucks." I say, "are you using trillium?" They say, "Yes."  I would get those messages, if they were using MSN or Yahoo!
You might think I complain a lot on this blog. That's true, but that's because it's my unknown blog. I have several blogs (around a dozen actually) and my friends know about most of them. This one remains hidden. So, I can say negative things in this journal and not feel any wrath. I'll try to post some more.  By the way, I'm really happy w/ my new job. Don't tell anyone.
I'm always amazed how people get bitter. For instance, I was working w/ this guy awhile ago and eventually I decided not to work w/ him, but because of external factors. At first, the person tried to get me back on board, but eventually he gave up. Since giving up, he seems intent on a bitter revenge. Whatever!
Spanks for the pictures Lindsay! They look good, the one of me looking high (or something) is a little scary, but they are good!  I'll post some later so you all can see the "Lethbridge Zanyness" that transpired.
4 balls of wool "Lana Grossa" turned into a triangle scarf! Ok, I admit it's become a bit big, but I bet it'll keep me warm in winter. Especially when I wear a coat, because then I always have the problem that the cold slips under the coat.  Besides: I loved  yesterday's Friendly Hostility
finally it's friday and i can't be more excited! (especially since i might actually get to see my bf this weekend) plus, a trip home in 2 weeks and miami in 5 weeks. woohoo... =)
Found out today I've officially be accepted to study abroad in Shanghai next fall. I gotta keep my grades up though...ah well, I'm still really happy even if it means a busy rest of the semester. ^_^  I also got a belated birthday present from       katiria   , a black Gloomy Bear that fits in my hands. Thanks,       katiria   ! Gloomy Bears are awesome!
ANGELO'S IS OPEN! yes, the best mango water ice on the planet is in my possession now.  I'm going to Maryland with Chuck and Aly tomorrow, should be back sometime Monday night.  that's all.
Yay! Today is Alarm für Cobra 11!   My mistake.. Forgot that today is wednesday. Yay! Today is Stargate: Atlantis!
Happy New Years to all! Todays tip:  Before you begin drinking tonight take $ Vitamin B tablets and you can avoid a hang over.  And if its to late for that before you go to bed take an aspirin and have a shot of coffee(no sugar) and drink a glass of water to help curb the New Years Day hang over.
This morning I woke up and discovered two things:  I have an extra $900 in my bank account thanks to a student loan. I'll be getting a tax return of almost $300  this made my day.
Well the countdown ended 90 minutes ago. I was at my friends. When midnight came, I was off at the grocery store. I can't buy real hard liquor now, just those 3.2 flavored malt beverages, but oh well, Skyy Blue is good stuff.  Happy birthday to me. Now time to party the fuck out tommorow.
today one of my winning ebay auctions came in. I now have...  THE JIMMY EAT WORLD/CHRISTIE FRONT DRIVE SPLIT 7"  fuck yes. it may have cost $15.50 + shipping, but it's all worth it. my indie cred just doubled. I'm happpy.
well the good news is i finally have the internet up in my apartment. and i probably have a job lined up. now things are finally looking up.
Heeh.. I  write  so much on here, don't I?     I think I like how the CG on this turned out better than on the FMA one. Dunno why.. o_O; Shame sizing it down lost so much detail -_- Bah.
Cookie Party Viking 224 8pm TONIGHT     Please come to share in the cookies and milk. (Feel free to bring your own cookies or beverage, as well). My grandma gave me lots of cookies and I can't eat them all!
I am awesome! University of Illinois at Chicago College of Medicine accepted me!  They are my first choice, and they are cheap, and the location is perfect for John's job.  It's all finally worth it!  What's even crazier is that this is the first acceptance I've gotten from a medical school. And its my first choice! So yeah, I'm happy.
ok, so what i should *actually* be doing is searching for a "real job" (tm) , but instead i am posting piccies of my new shoes.       heh.  we went out to buy stuff for other people & ended up with shoes!  *pink* shoes!  with a surprise underneath.....   *sigh*  shooooessssss.  yummy.
i am way in love with the new strokes album.    bumped into jane today, we both got excited for halloween.  3 more days.  i can't wait to see all the ladies, dressed up.  red wings are bought.
I love my boyfriend Ryan, he is the most amazing guy ever :-* I GOT A PAID ACCOUNT + EXTRA ICONS. I'm so happy. People, make me icons cause I suck :-* Oh I'm doing the "username - hi I love you" thing that was going around, I'm just not finished, hopefully it will be done later today! I LOVE RYAN SO MUCH. Oh come online sometime, will you love? :-*   I do need a new layout too :[
Had my first japanese class today, it was loads of fun...though it would have been a lot more fun had I not felt sick, sleepy and had a runny nose (and, as I later found out, a fever). It's different from the way I'm used to studying a new language and I believe I'll feel like a parrot repeating things for a while but, I still think it's neat
I had the most amazing time backpacking. We swam in the lake. We played with ducks. Squirrels chewed on our TP. Rattlesnakes tried to attack us. Sunburns. Gravel. Trains.  This trip was wonderful.
just had an awesome conversation with my cousin ben and man i love this dood too much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  he makes me very happy =) we talked about a lot of stuff, it was the bestest in the westest and what keeps me happy is that tomorrow me and jake are gonna go see SINCITY, i can't wait!!!!!!!! today has been a great day, i don't know if i'll see candy, but i hope to =)
What are your favorite programs for playing media? Personally, as far as mp3's go, I still stand by Winamp, even after all these years. For videos, I prefer QuickTime, but Windows Media Player is fine for all other formats.
From: "Neateye" &lt;nitaigouranga@aol.com&gt;  Add to Address Book  Subject: Gouranga  Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2005 20:14:24 -0000        Call out Gouranga be happy! Gouranga Gouranga Gouranga .... That which brings the highest happiness!
I got my Lightpipe cable today.  Wowsa.  My apartment is like a big sound box now.  My computer and my big stereo now play the same thing :)  Good thing I only have one noise complaint to go before I get evicted!
Wow, Gaara sure is looking mighty sexy now. Though not as sexy as Sakura in her new little outfit, my my. Our little girl is all grown up.  And I demand Lee action! Or an update, that'd be nice. Some Kiba thrown in would also rule. I'd ask for some Asuma, but that might be a little demanding.   And Sasuke.. whatever happened to my angsty little brat? I'm so curious!  /end short Naruto ramble
I did not know Natasha Lyonne was in the third Blade movie, that made it even better. Insanely attractive Ryan Reynolds + Natasha Lyonne = Awesome.   Aaaaand, now I probably won't be in the theater again until XMas (BILL MURRAY!!!)..
I'm in the newest issue of PSM magazine, showing off my Wizard Heartless costume. Go me!   Everyone should check it out, because I'm just that cool.
in the 1 week or so amount of time i've been on the goth personals 3 hot girls have told me i'm cute. best part is 1 lives NEAR me, so hell if nothing else i'll end up with another friend ^_^.
I'm not sure why it is, but this morning I feel better about myself than I have in the past few weeks. I think it's because of playing DDR last night, but I'm not sure. :) Might be the good night's sleep I got.   I'm just really relaxed today.
as sick as this is I'm kinda enjoying the pain of the bush Kerry people... I'm looking at it different now... Let the people cry... we've got 4 yers to listen.. then when another republican takes office we get to start all over.. Lets face it.... ideas of the radical are out... go to canada...
A few months ago Slaven showed me a beautiful world where a middle-aged man dressed up and posed as peter pan.  He's finally hit it big I guess- I was flipping through the channels and there he was, sitting right next to the Rev. Al Sharpton on Conan.  If you were unfortunate enough to miss this once in a lifetime event you can still go to   http://pixyland.org/peterpan/   That's all.
Winter Jam 2005 featuring NewSong, tobyMac, Tait, Rachael Lampa, Matthew West, Building 429, Chaos on Wheels.  Tickets only $10 at the door.   Concert details Date: 2/26/2005 Time: 6:00 PM Market: Norfolk, VA US Venue:  Constant Convocation Center 4320 Hampton Blvd Norfolk, VA 23529 US Venue Contact #: 757-683-4444    YAH KNOW I'LL BE THERE...RIGHT JEN????
It's 9C outside and pitch black.  It's so very nice and warm in the office just now as well, it's that perfect temprature where you feel all relaxed and happy despite the madness that's happening around you.
Happy birthday to Kosta and Alexis!!  Two friends same bday...kinda creepy...CREEPY I SAY!!!!  hehe may your bday wishes come true ^_^
When there's nothing going on in the world, it's amazing what one little comment will do to brighten your day:    Tanny says:     haha..just wanted to say hi      See, that's all it takes to make me smile these days.  Those have been few and far between in recent times.  I'm not entirely sure I'll make it to the end of the school year the way I'm going.
and for all you that poo poo this wedding, this is at least a wedding of love...and if you think Diana was a saint you'd be wrong. she actually had affairs before charles ever went back to Camilla. cut the lady some slack.
Today, Mama took me to Dr. Prupas who took my blood.  But now, Mama is watching Gundam and she gave me tuna to eat!  Of course, she watches Gundam and that means she will go to the tappy-tappy machine to write her stupid stories.  That will be later though.
As of about 2:30 -ish this morning, I'm 21..... *grin*  First birthday I've ever really looked forward to, mainly because I get to see a bunch of my friends tonight.  See you guys later :)
I've got me a real bed! Yay! No more sleeping on a mattress on the floor. *big smile*  And while I was rearranging things to make sure we could get the bed in, I managed to clean up a bit too. That was sorely needed.   Things are getting better, at least in some areas...
After many worries from me, and only days before I resign, we have found a new chairperson for Klubb Klemming! And it's someone who I think is very suited to the task, she has a lot of ideas and is a somewhat bossy person (and I mean that as a compliment to her!). I'm very happy that I have someone to leave things to.   Happinesssss....
Well I am here at my Grandma's. It is okay here. My grandparents have gone to Illinois for the week and will be back on Friday. I am going home I think on Tuesday. Anyways I got quite a few coupons for food for college so I could by things cheaper. Did anyone know that Sunday ads come a day early? I had no idea. Well thats about it. I will enjoy staying here alone tomorrow, while my aunt works.
from Wonkette:    Creationism booster rues unlevel playing field: "We've been attacked by the intelligent, educated segment of the culture."  - Independent Report   hilarious. no words.
OH MY GOODNESS !!! i recovered my lost EMAILS :0( !!! i have a few important crap in there. i am proud of daddy !!!
Happy Birthday To Me!  Thanks to all for the phone calls, notes, birthday wishes, and goodies. It's been a wonderful day, and I expect it will continue so. You guys just make it that much better. Yay!
Made +7 cop !       thx to that prince~!!!:`)   -ps  anyway getting those weird keyboard errors, n somehow i cant type my e-mail -- cuz when i do type @ , text erased n back to nothing...  also cant tittle as well as b4, maybe my keyboard su ck cuz its french 1, but i will try english 1 soon ... if it fix bugs...  -topforce~
Yahoo~! event isnot finish , but here first good drop of the event...     Gonna post more if more Drops^^  Oh yeah , we selling it ... want at lest 24m , so we can wait we not in hurry...   -Topforce~
HOLY SHIT I SAW JUANES IN TIMES SQUARE!! I was right in front of him while he was singing! :) It was the best day of my life..I'll never forget it...  check out this post I made in the community bailaconmigo .......    http://www.livejournal.com/community/ba ilaconmigo/71158.html?view=232438#t23243 8
I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, !!!  woot!
I just thought I'd tell the world that I can now die a happy man because I've heard Sloop John B live.  p.s. God Only Knows and Forever are the two most beautiful songs ever written
YIPPIE!  I just completed my first day at Video Wiz!  It was pretty cool.  I dusted a lot of shelves and all that dust made my bugers turn black.  Now I have to study for my Internet Protocols Exam that is tomorrow.  Oops, It's actually a little later today. Grrrrrrrrrr, Bad!
Yay!  Fruitopia has a new  flavor, Citrus Excursion!  It is very nummy!  Fruitopia makes some of the best fruity drinks in the world.  It's about time they came out with a new flavor.  Oh, today is Stephanie's Birthday!  I wish could go see her but things didn't work out.  Oh well, I'll call her a little later and wish her a happy B-day!
Well it looks like I'm attending another tourny in May and for the First time ever I get to play with Marionette from Clinton Township. Ya, I've been trying to sneak onto a team with her for some time. That way I don't have to watch my back when out on sniper patrol ;) And on top of that I get to play With Flanders again. I'm happy.
I amuse myself sometimes. I'm chatting with WF, watching Little Bit making art out of his lunch, and singing along to "Little Birdhouse in Your Soul". Just one of those happy moments you have to relish because you don't get nearly enough of them.
Cheri and I have worked out our differences and it's all good now. No more soap opera drama and the case is closed. I'm so glad when things can end on a positive note. ^_^
Yahoo, next week is Chinese New Year. No work from Wednesday to Friday. Yeah.  By the way, is the year of rooster
I just find out that my Boss will be going to China on Feb 12 for a month. You know what that means, I can spend more time slacking off. Yahoo.
If it's wrong to slash Danny and Martin from  Without a trace  then I don't want to be right...that is all.  Ahem...
damn my hockey schedule what a bitch  theres much more of a rant to put- but i dont have time or feel like posting it
Hilly is kewl. She wanted my phone number so she could call me. Yay. No one ever calls me. But now Hilly wants to. This makes me happppppy. Yay.  I'm at work right now, and probably shouldn't be writing this, and should be *gasp* working instead. I'm going out for lunch today at a supposedly really good italian restaurant. Sounds interesting. Anyway, back to work now
I just won the bid on this:   http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?Vi ewItem&item=3880866944   It's an izone polaroid, which takes instant sticker pictures. Fun!! I plan to use it with our guestbook/scrapbook -- guests can have a sticker-photo of themselves accompany their message. So cute!  Now I must start bidding on the film. The not-so-fun part.
OMG Greece won the european championship 2004 (football/soccer)!!!! I can't believe it! Ok I lost 5 € because I've bet for Portugal, but that's ok, because I am so happy for Greece.... they are just fantastic! Congratulations..... Hellas!
teawithbears    , thank you sosososososososososososososososo much for the tape (I love it, it is so cool and so much fun listening to it:-)) and your nice origami present is so lovely..... thanks honey:-) *hugs you tight*  You are so right we should speak a lot more to each other.  I will comment more :-) hear you soon    kris *is so happy*
Wish you all fantastic easter holidays!!!!! Enjoy your days:-) *hugs you all*   We have fantastic weather today, can't wait to get outside..... spring is lovely..... sunshine is lovely..... the birds are singing....
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!!!!...Good Tidings....Love YOU all!I hope Yall get ALL the gifts yall wanted!...Just Be happy don't let foolish things bring you down cuz so many wasn't blessed to see our saviors Birthday this year!!!HAPPY BIRTHDAY JESUS!LUV YOU!...MUAHHHH(to all)....
aron & i just booked our spring vacation. yay, vacations! we're staying in paris for 7 nights, lille france for 1 night, and brussels for 3 nights.  (flying into paris, out of brussels, with train trips between.)  now i really have to kick my french learning into high gear. my french class through arlington community education starts on thursday night.
So, yeah. I'm bored.   I'm posting for no good reason.  I need some excitement.  Went to see Ron and Misha. That made me happy.  Got a few magazines and  The Cult Of Mac  book today. They rock.  Nick at work gave me Photoshop CS. I am happy.  :::skips off to install Photoshop:::
dear kiddoko   i got a bingo game!  i would like to play it with you. maybe someday i will go to your house again.  Or maybe someday you will come to mine.  you might  want to play bingo with me.  hope to see you soon.  love, dark muffin
Just a link for one website with a lot of *cute* games ^_^  Orsinal: Morning Sunshine  My favorite is the "cats".
Hey, I'm a big fat loser today - 10 lbs, to be exact.  My clothes have been feeling a little roomy so I stepped on the scale and found out why.  Stress and running around isn't the right way to lose weight but I am going to try and eat healthier from this point forward.
I'm wearing my pretty new purple and black flowery skirt (which I'll be wearing to the christening on Saturday - did I mention I'll be a godmother to all three of Belinda's kids?) and feeling pretty. Gotta go shopping for presents for them....I hope I find what I want quickly.  How unlike me to leave it to the last minute!
Yes, I'm here in Calgary now. It's sunday night and we've been busy for the last two days. It actually snowed last night while we were sleeping. It also snowed a bit while we were out walking around.  Different snow.  That's all I gotta say right now.
New mun new mun new mun new mun new mun new mun new mun  AHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH  She's a poser. BIG TIME.   But she gave me pretty icons. See? So she can't be that bad.  YOU POSER.
yeah, it was fun, I went to fireside, I have fifty people's in my house.... like five slept in my room last night... I collected thiry something kisses..... I don't know.... this was the bestest new years ever, I love everyone so very much, this morning I woke up and had the urge to call everyone and see them and hug them and kiss them all, I miss my friends... they are the best... YAY!
so i have three peachy new friends ...       __beautyintruth   ,       roman_holidays   , and       snow_white_67   !! so hi to my new friends.  i don't really have that much to say, i just wanted to come on and check on things. and yeah, do some of those meme things that are going floating around everywhere lately. its so shameful; im addicted.  russ is going out of town. poo all over that.
she was neglected, but now she is not:  oh my bostonian buddy who lurks in the corners of lj, my cousin-in-spirit (if not yet law), who i include when i say i feel better about the enforced systems of relationships.  billions of humans, who knows if any of it matters, and i'm connected to JESS.  that, my friends, is luck and a reason to smile.
You are a Dead Alive Zombie. You or somebody that bit you was infected by the Sumatran Rat Monkey. You are intent on killing and shredding anything that moves, unless you're full of tranquilizers. You can't be killed unless you are completely chopped to bits.      What kind of Zombie are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
I can now ride a motorbike of any engine capacity on the roads of the United Kingdom without supervision.  Yep, passed the test :-D.  Three minor faults - two on the indicators, one on position in the road - otherwise sweet.  Just need to go and buy a bike now ;-)
Seeing the Chapman brothers (creators of www.homestarrunner.com) + Seeing Elf = the most I’ve laughed in a   really  long time!   Boy, I needed that :-)
I'm finally done with all my classes, and I have to wait until next Friday to find out my official final grades, but they should be pretty good.  I'm back in town for winter break, just like everybody else.  Hopefully I'll see people that I don't get to during regular circumstances.  It's so nice not to have school weighing me down for a month.  Christmas party today, see you guys later.
i got into washu!  still waiting from everyone else, but that's pretty cool that no matter what i can always go there.
So       tlahuelpuchi    posted that Joss Whedon (Buffy, Firefly) has signed to write and direct Wonder Woman.  He poses the question of who will play her...
OK... So I'm behind a couple of days...  Hope you don't mind me posting this, Bill!       &hearts; Caia and  &hearts; Bill        Secretly had 2.4 related children.  Are aspiring to read occasionally.  Harbour intense love for each other.                  Orchestrated by   ianiceboy
This summer's been awesome so far...Just hope nobody's taking the arguments too seriously, but they're hilarious anyway.  IM me if you wanna hang out this week after Monday (Styx and Frampton, yo).
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  ~Seven Months~
Yeah, it's my birthday, and anyone who reads this journal is definitly invited to Bifteck (St.Laurent and Pine). Around nine.  be there or be square.
Weel, this was first day after vacations, and it was ok, I just had class form 7 to nine, The rest of the day I just hanged out with my friends, but there she was right next to me and when I told her "hy", all those feelings I was trying to forget came from the bottom of my heart and it was in that moment that I realized that she'll always be a very important and special girl for me....
My inner child is sixteen years old!    Life's not fair! It's never been fair, but while adults might just accept that, I know something's gotta change. And it's gonna change, just as soon as I become an adult and get some power of my own.      How Old is Your Inner Child?     brought to you by  Quizilla
Ferngully is a great movie and I love it! So enjoy and follow the rules.  1) Do not hotlink. Save to your own server. (ex: www.photobucket.com) 2) Comment if taking any. 3) Credit either       slightly_icons    or       cowboy_slightly    in keyword.  Enjoy!   Teasers:  + + + +        + + + + + + + +  + + + + + + + +
Took a  photo  last night at the party with Redbacks SLR and I must say I'm happy with it. Feel like a bit of a "look at me look me type wanker". Oh well.
Piotr, can I just say, I love you.  And to the guys who were jamming, you all are really cool!  Though the ... uh ... subtext of competition or whatever was really kinda weird.  Ballet class went well.  Well done to everyone who showed up.  I'm going to practise some of the more difficult stuff, if you want to watch.  I'll be there quite often.  Just kinda show up, I don't mind :D
So, okay.  There's yet another new guy.   Warren  is really nice.  He has wings!  Illyana and me met him after we went shopping.  And they had new stuff by Jumbo Carnation which was absolutely the best stuff ever!  I have no allowance left.  I haven't seen  you  all day, are you ok?  Come find me soon, please? :D
Well since no one wants to talk to me, I guess I'll just have to write out what I did right here.  I went to Miami with my Mom, which was great!  We spent every day on the beach, and i met some really cute guys.  Um.  I did a little surfing (I'm not that good) and a lot of tanning.  Actually, now I come to read it, it isn't all that interesting.  Oh well.
its pink. its electronic. and it'll provide me with hours and hours of beats. ohhhhhhhhhhh my brother who took back his ipod mini bought me a pink one.
I DINGED tonight on WoW tonight! *finally*  I want to have a job and my MCAT to be over with.. so I can become addicted to WoW!  I want my mount. Muaha.  *NERD*
Today was my third day of work and my first night having  my own tables ! It's going great and I actually like it. I only had 4 tables tonight because they are just breaking my in, but I think I did pretty good! I work again  Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday  if you want to come in! =)
Senior sweatshirts are   finally   in! YAY! Something  new  to wear on spirit day Friday, even though it's like hot now!
Vanilla Soul, the host of the Tacoma Slam, has invited me to feature. It's not a done deal, as he has to clear it with the bar's owner, but he told me it might be in May.
i have invented a new game, it involves my plastic alphabet blocks and the bucket of babies. i put the blocks in the bucket and dadadada helps and then he dumps the blocks on me and i kick them and push them away and it is really funny.  okay i guess you had to have been there.
Friends,  Please make welcome, a very old friend of mine.  She lives in Halifax but I have known her since I was five years old.  WOW - now that's a long time.  She has joined up, mostly to read my life, but will likely to be adding as she moves forward.   Welcome,       youngathart   .  I am sure you'll love it here!  ~R~
If there is at least one person in your life whom you consider a close friend, and whom you would not have met without the Internet, post this sentence in your journal.
Briefly, I love launch.yahoo.com, once you pay $36 for a year's subscription. I've set up moods that are awesome and the quality is high and I can listen all day and skip all I want.  It turns on at 9AM and doesn't turn off until I leave (sometime between 5:30 and 6:00 PM).  I've heard so much awesome music it's not funny. :)  Highly recommended.
i am awesome.  im so happy right now and i have been for a little while.  im calm and i dont really care about things that i would have a while ago.  its nice :)  bring on the summer! picnics, nights on the beach, lots of friends, and summer clothes!
What you need to know:   Nothing   Natalie's First Public Post - Sep. 16th   Natalie's Second Public Post  - Sep. 25th  Dinner and Dancing - Oct 9th   (co-written with Yueni)    Please, leave feedback here, not in my pup's journal. Thank you!
What you need to know:   Just the previously stated story lines.   Craig and Karl - Sep. 23rd (NC-17, co-written with Jenn)  Craig, Karl, and Harry - Oct. 1st  (co-written with Jenn and Luna)   Please, leave feedback here, not in my pup's journal. Thank you!
Incredible night.  I was told sincere, heartfelt words that I will remember forever.  I don't think it's possible for me to be any more lucky.  I love you, Dal.   I'm not insane that's how it seems though spiteful, cruel, but wise beyond his age my body fails my soul will rise the end of life's immortalized disease and agony and I see death through golden eyes
HUGH'S TRIUMPH!   Anyway, I have decided that Hugh's milkshake brings all the boys [and Kristina] to the Majestic. ^.^  Phantom ruled, by the way.
Hey everyone.   I just want you all to know that I love you.   And there are three of you... make that four of you.... that I love more than everyone else.   But I love the rest of you, too. For the most part. ^.^
So I had my first solo tonight.  And I almost peed myself.   Everyone said that I did well, but i don't know.  I've done better.  Aaron kicked some ass though.  I am so proud of him!!!!!!!  Kyle and I went to TCBY for his birfday.    But I gotta go home soon.   More later.    HAPPY 20TH BIRTHDAY, KYLE LEWIS PALLASCH!!!!!!!
so here i am at 1am making dinner finally. while i wait for the oven to preheat, i figured i would list some possible movie ideas and see which people like and dont like.
i am seriously on a four month fucking high. things are really really awesome right now, and everything seems to be turning to gold for me. :)
I got to sing five songs tonight! even one I didn't know, with the bartender / star singer!  Weeeeell. Kind  of "happy" right now. That means, SLIGHTLY alcoholized.  :D hee hee hee! yaaay!
*Magically charmed to be seen ONLY by the members of the Order of the Phoenix*  As you all know, today is Bill's birthday (32 - getting up in years, Billy!), so I'm having a bit of a celebration for him tonight.  You're all welcome to stop by!  I'll make dinner - I was thinking perhaps a...roast? Or is that dish reserved for Aurors? *wink*   Happy Birthday, Billy!
It's been a while since I've updated this thing...I tell you being a mom leaves little you time but I love my son so I'm not complaining.  I had I great Christmas, I thank God we had safe trip since we traveled through the worst storm in a decade.  Samuel seemed to have had a good time eating wrapping paper.  It was a good Christmas.
I am so exhausted!  I never knew I could love someone so much, I mean I heard it all the time but until you experience it you'll never really know what it's like.  Being a mother is a life altering experience but it's all been worth it.
Well I am Quite bored write now. I am talking to Kim O'farrell. She cool we are talking about boys and how difacult they are. I know it sounds like we are boy bashing but we aren't. Well I don't have anythng left to say so c-ya.
This evening ben and I went for a drive as the weather was so lovely.  We saw a gorgeous Sunset and Moonrise and the pictures are  here .  The ones of me at the start are ones that ben took with his camera and some of the few I like of me.  Yay :D  Was a lovely evening :)
Well! This is the terrace stray (ref-   killing - nature's way   ). I am happy to report that the kitten and the cat were doing fine when I checked an hour ago :))
I was shooting for Gregory Popovich's upcoming promotional package today when I witnessed this true moment of Zen between two of his animal stars.
Today was Awesome, Great,Fantablous,Super,Wicked Pissa,Best day I have had in a while, and freaking cool.
:O I swear to god I got this by coincidence:      &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    badminton is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
YAY fliend test &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;333333333   http://www.friendtest.com/viewquiz.p hp?account=sukindi   Hint - my favorite thing is the thing that I talk about most in the public section of my journaly.  Just think about it :D  YAY.
TEH LULU IS FUCKIN HOME!!!!!!!111111111oneoneoneone   I know all yall bitches missed me! and omg i missed yall t000000 ahahhhahahah  Florida = TEH BOMB DIGGITYYYYYY PWNED AMAMAMAHAHOAHAOHAOH!H!H!!H!H! :D:XD OMFG@!!!!  &lt;3  &lt;33  &lt;333  &lt;33  &lt;3  -:3 maj0r post later!
Well, I got home Saturday around 3 or so.  I had a great time in New York.  I learned a lot.  Its good to be home though.  Good to see my girlfriend Sarah and Brett and Michael and Christina and Phil and everyone.  I dont have much to say.  I guess Ill just leave it at this.
hey evryone.today was awesomeness.i saw diane.anytime i see her is awesome.i hope i get to see her soon.i love u diane.
Yay for party and my bday twin! Want to say a big thanks to everyone who came along for the party, it was wonderful to see you all. Thanks also Pen, for the cool pressie and gorgeous nametag, I wore it all night. An awesome way to end birthday month. :)   So, who's next?
Well, the graduation ceremony went smoothly. I got my B.Tech Degree in Language Practice, had my photos taken (which I hope to scan and upload soon), the papers proving it and a nice pen in blue. It must also be a new record, since we managed to finish early for once (and by 25 minutes to boot!), so I didn't the miss the deadline with my work as I feared. Now it's on to my Masters.
Looking good on my new 17 inch monitor. Things look really big. ^_^ Oh, and my eyes already feel the difference.
oky, so i am going to melanies for thanksgivin!!!!! (i know what you are all thinking, will she get to see a cowboy?  MAYBEEEE...we are going to a fair. mmmm. lol)  now i gotta figure out how to get a greyhound ticket to sarnia...hrm....HELP ME SOMEBODY lol...
I get my laptop back. I get new cute 5-year-old-looking shoes. AND I get new art supplies.  Today is a good day.
announcement...  i have secured a Real Job After Graduation that i actually want to do.  weeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!
Ah.... it's so nice when your friend unexpectedly knows you really well. Well enough to hook you up with a friend... a very cute friend who is totally awesome! Maybe it's just me, but I wasn't expecting this and I'm loving the hell out of it. If only I had a job now. I'll seriously take anything full time with benefits. I'll wait the 90 days even. I don't have any other choice.
I woke up today with total creative drive and control I haven't had in months.  I've written, logged tape, and made a DI-related deal to hopefully better the show.  Also, still looking to fill that role.  I've lost more weight.  Today...I'm fucking awesome.
sup ya'll. today is the beginning of convention weekend. i have an hour until i have to get on a bus (which will be for two hours or longer idk). well i'll tell you what happened after i get back on sunday.
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    surrealism is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator        im all alone in my house.  i miss joe.  we diiiiiiid it agaaaaaain last night.... good times
Yupp, In clase de Espanol and I'm bored...my partner is not here today so I don't have much to do! But anywho---
The most beautiful anime ending I have ever watched.  *wipes eyes*  Kudos to the great anime, Full Moon Wo Sagashite.
¡ y a / r e n u n c i é ! I quit yesterday.  I will still work for the rest of the year, but starting next year I'll be  free  (and unemployed).  I am happy.  César.
Would anyone want to bang you? by phobia      Name:           Favorite Food:           Wants to Bang you:           This many times:    31               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
Constantine is showing at 7:40pm at the  West Olive 16  tonight.  Let's meet in the lobby/ticket area around 7:15 so people have time to get their tickets.  If you've got any questions, comment or call my cell.  Knowing us, we'll probably end up at Denny's afterwards.  I'll see you guys there!
Well, yesterday Kenny was off, so he came over. XD I was all like "Yay, Kennybunny time!" I convinced him ta come over, 'cause I told him that we were having penne vodka, & he likes the way my mom makes that. fyi: penne vokda is macaroni in vokda sauce :D Doesn't git you drunk, but it's good. I miss my Kennybunny, but I'll git ta see him on Sunday. :)  Oh yes, I made this too:
I finally know how to make animated gifs!  So I'm making loads, made some for Chris and Maria too.  :)  Wee go mee!!
Tomorrow I am going to the dance with someone who is very lovely, and very fun to be with. I think that puts "See Danny Ashe" under the definition of "The Luckiest Person at Hogwarts".
Dear my new Clinique colour surge soft shimmer eyeshadow in frosted blossom:  I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU
I passed exam with best professor in history with mark 1.3 (for comparision: 1.0 is best, 5.0 is failed). Professor grew beard which shocked me slightly but I got used to it soon and liked him as well as ever after 5 minutes.
Oh! Look at the pretties that       acme54    made for me! :D hehe.    and    I LOVE them! *hugs her new Icons* Of course, I AM a Anita Blake freak... hehehe.  *hugs her icons again*    Mood:    happy
Thanks to the industriousness of mr Steve, known to you plebes as       oddity_uk   , you can now view my blog on  zootm.co.uk  as       zootm_blog   . Hurrah!
Ah, it can be hard, like when I wrote that entry&nbsp; last night, but it's more than worth it.  *sigh* (the good kind of sigh)
okay im ending live journal on a happier note.....    maybe one day ill resurrect it....naa probably not!            It says that im happy but im really not because i have a serious headache going on, but other than that i probably would be
nick came over last night and spent the night over here. sylvan, him, and I used the hot tub at 2 in the morning... it was heavenly. later that night/morning (3am) we went to Wal-Mart looking for Wal-Martians. We played in the family fun center at 3am... that's special.   so anyways, no plans for today. so call if you want to hang out.  im rocking out to the blood brothers.  peace out.
Thanks for  theses pictures . :)  ---------------------------------------- ------------------------  Спасибо за  эти фотки . :)
I really enjoy reading blogs - particularly those that are funny or unusual or thought-provoking.  Well, I just came upon the funny.  Run don't walk to read:  http://tequilamockingbird.blogspot.com/    The September 17th entry is really hilarious.  There are pictures, so make sure your browser shows them.
I went to  I Heart Rummage  today and met       totinette    in person! Overall it went well and I am pleased. Here's a photo of the display - including the *new* toiletry bags in front!
It's Spring Break now. All I'm going to do is sleep all day and do nothing.  What do I have to say for myself?   FUCK YES.
I beat  The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap . It was a fun  game. The graphics were superb, music was fantastic, story was okay, characters were epic. The only thing I found bad was that it was very short =\ Replay value is going to be fun because I wanna learn more about the citizens of Hyrule. Good game. Wtf? No Triforce?
Today I signed a new lease for a brand new apartment downtown - me, my little bro, and another friend are moving into a 3 bedroom/2 bath 1648 sq ft pad July 1st   I'm pumped - here's a pic of the specs:
Dear Ms. Gonyou,  On behalf of the Faculty of Arts and Science, I am pleased to advise you that you have been granted admission to Concordia University. Your program choices have been carefully considered and you have been admitted to the following program:   Bachelor of Arts (E.C.P.) Major Sociology
I am the new owner of a White 2002 Subaru WRX with 26,000 miles on it. Feels good to finally have a car that can keep up with my friends. Now if only I can free up some cash for a carbon fiber hood and carbon fiber STI wing. But got alot of other shit that needs to get done before that I guess. Ah well, I gotta work in a few hours so I should get some sleep.  w00t
it went well. not too much happened. i was in a bit of a haze most of the day. took our son to stay with wynter’s sister’s house for a while, went and picked him up later, and then i put him to bed. well, that really covered the day. it’s been quiet. but given it was a family type of day i’m not surprised. well there is always monday. something might happen then, doubt it though.
just like any other day. only i went to costco, fought with my mother on the way there. got what we needed and came back. feed our son his dinner. talked to teardrop for a while. now here i sit alone.   and for the life of me i’m happy. who would have thought? that’s all. &gt;^.^
I am the proud owner of a chocolate lab named Princess. Yeah, I know dumb name but she is six months old and already knows it so we must stick with it. Anyhow, she is a cutie.
I have come to conclusion that A) I am happy with the way I act, the way I present myself and my aditude.  How have come to this concludsion, only I will know, but  that is all i need to know.  Oh yeah and being lazy is great :-D.
I have finally passed the course introductury to analytical chemistry. It took only three years. But now it´s done. And it actually is the very first course I´ve passed by taking it on välikokeet. Yay.   The algebra test wasn´t that bad, I think I managed it quite ok.
Sometimes everything just falls into place. . . . .         . . . . . . . in here, life is beautiful.
well ppl i thought id update again and as i said last time | \/\/|LL \/\/RI73 ||\| l33t anyways hey ppl i met this awsome chick about 2 days ago named melissa she lives in vancouver and shes fucking hot ;)  hehe well im bored so ill talk to yall later
I have a new sweetie and her name is Ruthie. And she's definately the best thing that's happened to me in a long time.   Sweetie, when you read this, I want you to know how much you mean to me.  Hugs and smooches always.
so happy to..... menyambut ramadhan kali ini ga tau kenapa lain dari yang sudah sudah ada pengharapan yang........  ada niat yang......  pokoknya seneng banget bisa ngerasain ramadhan dengan gembira kaya gini.....
teman teman pertama maksih dah buatin saya lj...eh salah dapet kodenya terutama buat lala atau orang jepang midorezuki en buat teteh iis yang dah nemenin aku ....jadi curhat neh.....  nti,, kalau saya dah beneran nulis saya akan buat yang bagus yang nyaingin kalian berdua (kalau bisa)
Oops, didnt mean to submit that yet, but anyway.  Yeh had fun tonight, Less drama, more beer  always good.  Thanks lots to Matt       thefreek    for buying rounds, and the staff of Cage for giving me "discount" prices form drinks.  Off to recover now, got a long night tomorrow too at  Pump!
Hmmm, ok so I accomplished nothing today.  Well not really, I did get a lot of great music from a DJ friend.  met another friend out for a few beers, and some interesting chat about urban explaoration around Milwaukee.  heading to breakfast I think, dunno, maybe I hope so.. . . . Really need to get todays to do list done tomorrow, no more putting it off.
i think i would die without my friends....  &lt;3*&lt;3*&lt;3*&lt;3*&lt;3*&lt;3*&lt;3*&lt;3*&lt;3*&lt;3*&lt;3*&lt;3*&lt;3*
I need something to do this weekend. I've begun to realize lately how little I get out of the house, and it's kind of scary. Going to the doctor today was a big thing...I ACTUALLY had to get dressed in nice clothes, put shoes on, and leave. It seemed so odd, like I had never done it before.   I need to talk to someone. You know who you are.   Thus ends a very nice, happy day.   -S.
So I'm finally in a real band now, a heavy metal band called "The Black Sails" (The name is apt to change at the moment.) We've written a couple songs and I must say that we do kick ass. We're gonna do a photoshoot soon, thanks to a certain wuffie. Umm I've been grounded, that's why I didn't post for so long. Sorry Blaze, about Halloween.
Read My Poems please; I own the copyright as you can see so you KNOW I made them  ____________________________    http://www.deviantart.com/deviation/151 00519/    http://www.deviantart.com/deviation/151 02079/
Kate and Tori's Graduation Party      Katie....starting a band?  .....fact or fiction? Ha! Meghan certainly seemed....umm.....enthused....  Hmm.....Mike! Can you do anything? ....besides play trumpet? If so ...contact us. Heh.  Signed,  The Doc
the show was awesome  im soo sore  got KOed, Tom saved my life &lt;3  fell 49038095 times  danced with my girls  dang I love my girls sooo much  both my plugs got ripped out  somehow i found them both again..  found a bandana  everything went right..&lt;3    dang what a night..
Another new Journal that will not be "Friends Only." I don't see the point in it anymore. Victory.  Let's see what new drama happens here. I'm soo curious. I wish I could stay, but I have to go.  -The.Perfect.Guy-
Top three pickup lines at the Model United Nations Conference in Berkeley:  3) "Point of inquiry... what's your sign?"  2) "You just gave me a Cuban missile crisis."   1) "I'd like to motion you to the floor."  I guess you had to be there...
I just found my brand new spank cyber pockets at my dads. Now the strange thing is that I mail ordered them&nbsp;about a year ago and they never arrived, which means they arrived here after I moved out and I was never told.
Be happy thats right just be like a fire spredind everywhere. its all good you'll always be very happy and thats a good thing, your a summer fairy      What kind of fairy are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla      Tree Fairy thats what you are Please rate my quiz even if it is a 1 thanks      Which Fairy are you?(for anyone many out comes)     brought to you by  Quizilla
Tanya well what can you say aboyt her shes hot , awesomely cool , down to earth but not al the way down just the way i like it , doesnt judge people , she one of those people that you want to be around every minute of your life  JOEY YOUR THE LUCKIEST MAN ALIVE !!!!!!!!!!
haha nikki made this for me thanks nikki.  word of the day - JOHN ELWAY  Band Of the day - "the specials"  Person of the day - nikki because she is cool and she made this for me.
i walked around campus grinning all day, and danced in the elevators.  and trust me, i'm the last person i thought it ever possible to feel this way.
I downloaded Limewire and I've downloaded all the songs I could think of.  I'm up with broadening my horizons, so if you would be so kind to tell me your favorite songs and I'll take a listen to it :)
Vincent, Mulan, and I have finally arrived in the Pridelands, and I am so incredibly happy to here.  I've never seen a place so beautiful in my life.    ..did I mention how happy I am to be here?
So, like, I bought this "iBook" thing today, and the "Airport Express", and the "AppleCare Protection Plan" today.  It's pretty neat. I like wireless networking rather quite a lot.
i bought 4 dvds yesterday:  1. the iron giant 2. amelie 3. napolean dynamite 4. donnie darko  i love gift cards.
Well i was done talking with sam last night, she just turned 16. She was happy as allways. I don't think there is a way to get that girl sad.(which is a great thing). We went to the b'ball game last night, but tony played most of the time. Plus i totally found out my jacklyn was mad at me and we kinda made up. So yesterday was good, and today will be great. I'll be over at blaines or Calebs.
It's a fucking gorgeous day outside. I am wearing short sleeves and no coat. Jesus, I needed a nice day.  On a side note, there seems to be a scholarship for Hispanic sons/daughters of Southwestern Bell employees... which I am eligible for. What can brown do you for you?
hey,  last exams tomorrow. I'm happy, which is why the mood i chose is happy... get it? anyway, im excited for vacation, horray.
OMG dead can dance coming by SD in september, and LA too. and hte LA one has a full string section. :) wooooohoooooo~~~~~   http://www.lisagerrard.com/threads/show flat.php?Cat=&Number=9515&page=0&view=col  lapsed&sb=5&o=&fpart=1  la la la... september~~~ gotta &lt;3 the xxl-ers :)
So today we ventured out and went sailing...see pictures!   http://www.meredithmason.blogspot.c om   FIN
Kip Dynamite (Please rate my quiz)      Which Napoleon Dynamite character are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
I wish I didn't procrastinate so much!  What was it we learned about controlling things at UMYS in the "It's my life..." workshop? I'm not doing too well am I?  Another acupuncture appointment today.  I'm hoping this'll feel more routine soon.  I get so nervous going toany medical area.  Why that is, I don't know. When's mom gonna get here with food? Hugs! Nickie
What an interesting half-day...I feel relaxed, and for the first time in...about a week, I feel secure....It's nice...^-^
DJ Sammy's cover of "Boys of Summer" rocks. I love all the old school songs coming out with funky techno beats. Rock.       What Is Your True Aura Colour?     brought to you by  Quizilla    I would probably have described myself as a yellow. I think that Liv would be pink, and Lareina would probably be purple.   Just over a week until QLD!  And I got a Credit for my Pop essay *happy dance* Yay!!
There's something entirely too liberating about sitting naked at your laptop. In your bed. Smoking a cigarette. With someone sexy and cute sleeping next to you. Someone you happen to love who knows what an ass you are and still loves you. Yeah... I think I can sleep tonight too, Shuu...
I'm back in Potsdam...yay :)I don't wanna go to class at 8 a.m monday though, blah. Yeah that's about it. Maybe I'll update more while I'm at school...idk though! I'm just happy to be back!!
As if today wasn't manic enough, I randomly -- finally -- got my UC acceptance letter.  I'm going to UC Berkeley!  I'm actually . . . going. God, I'm shaking. I can't believe it.
I like Alison are very cool, because I signed a petition to keep hunters from shooting wolves in Alaska from airplanes cuz Bush is cool like that and wants to kill everyone in the world AND the animals.  ASSHOLE!  http://www.thepetitionsite.com/takeacti on/984880998?ts=19459   GO SIGN IT AND SAVE ANIMALS!!!!!  YAY!  ~Jess~
So, the day has finally come, I have been given the offer of a job.  The job offer is with Cessna.  The strange thing is that I never even had an interview with them.  I simply got a call, offering a job, so it is odd, but I'm not complaining.  Peace out.
Just back from the Cowboy Mouth concert.  It was freaking sweet.  One of the best performances I've ever seen.  The opening band, Shooter Jennings, was a pleasant surprise.  Very good southern rock sounding group.  Great guitar solos by both bands and all around fun.  Definitely a good weekend.  Now some sleep and off to the parent's house for Easter.
I have a girlfriend and her name is Sarah! Edit: almost? She has to sort a few things out. Rather not go into detail. However it's not over before it started. So I like almost... edit2: not gunna happen i guess...
I have a one member cult, SARAH!  Steve came over today. Played with loki and made nachos. they were not the best. Oh ya, and Steve played with a belt all day... it was weird...  Learned a Ska song! yesterday by Mustard Plug!  www.fivetotheface.com OMG! It's so totally my bass teachers band! They're really good in a Staind meets Saliva way.
On the breaking news today, I HAVE MY DRIVING LISCENCE ALREADY!!! Yay! Haha... After a long time. Now, whose car am I going to use? Hm....
I never really paid attention but this  flash  is SO right, and SO very funny.  Joey, I think you'll get the best kick out of it....or be the most offended...but probably the former then the latter. ^__^
Today was  so  fun!  I love nice people and I love old friends and I just love everythinggg.   Fun Fact:  I found gas for 1.78 today.  It was the highlight of my entire life.  I also picked up a pizza, and it is good fo sheezy.
I'm off to meet some kid Robbie to smoke some hydro with and hopefully buy some...  I need some money majorly.
Well, I am back from five days in LA and at the playboy mansion.  I will be posting some pictures on Shasticon.org tomorrow (the ones that are not going to get me in trouble) and I will talk to all you wonderful people later :)  Man, I love life :)
So the first day of classes was encredibly simple for me. The first class at 10 was cancelled and the second class was more of a review.  So it was pretty awesome. I should probably now go into town and buy some stuff, then work on other stuff I should have completed before break. It feels good to finally have freetime!! (I seemed to be working or sleeping most of the time over break)
I have a friendly lizzard living just outside my house.  He's about a foot long and quite fat.  The other day I left the door open and was just sitting on the lounge and he just walked into the house.  It was stinking hot outside and I think he was just looking for a cooler place to cool down.
My family is so lovely.  My Dad last night just used his frequent flyer points to book me a flight home in a few weeks, just because they wanted to see me!
Fun times, I enjoy good parties... Especially ones at my house...  Yeah, Now I'm going to have to make ONE AMAZING KILLER party for New years...  This is going to be the BEST party ever... If only you knew what I'm planning... *grins*
My hair is a little strange coloured at the moment. It goes from platinum blonde to orange to light chocolate-reddish brown - we tried to take the black off... ^^ well, that did work, but now I look like a tiger as my Mom said. That actually suits me rather well, cause my Chinese zodiac sign is Tiger. ^^*  My assembly went quite well, but I think I read a little too fast - well, no can do. ^^
Go on, try it.    A+...wo0t! You either really know your stuff, or you're one hell of a guesser.      How well do you know Jrock?     brought to you by  Quizilla    Really, I didn't know shit! I just picked the answer that sounded the best. Well, I did know that Shinya likes Morning Musume, but most of those are just guesses.
It's been a really busy week, and this is the first weekend in four that I've had a proper Sat. without some sort of disturbance!
Beau's birthday is Friday, Jan.21. We will be at The Masquerade for the Secret Room event, so please come out and join us!!!
i feel good about life today, stuff jus seems to be working out, i like making up with people, makes me feel really good about life, nice to be poisitive for a change.
Dear relevant people on my flist:        roehampton     You know it makes sense. It even seems to contain people who like things like spelling and punctuation and grammar and lack of netspeak, even though they are crazy people on the internet! Unlike the RSU forums, which are full of netspeak and are intimidating and make me sad :(
I finally went to see April today. I'm really glad I did. I had fantasized that she'd be alot worse off than she is. And she didn't seem to be pissed off at me for not having seem her sooner either. I'm feeling like a better friend now. And my day was pretty nice in general. I hope to have nmany more weekends like this one.
Everything's packed and it's time to go. Probably won't be on here for a couple of days unless I can squeeze some time in at work, but I doubt it.  Everyone have a good next couple of days while I'm gone.
Josh broke his comp and lost all our San Francisco pics :o/ With the sea lions and everything :s So that reminded me that I should save the pics I have on my laptop to a cd. I found some nice pics of me and Josh from Los Angeles in process :D I didn't put them on lj before, and I like these 2, so there :p     It's big, coz our pretty faces are so small :p        I found it!!!!!! :D :D
Video terbaru The Strokes adalah The End Has No End, yang akan disutradarai oleh Sophie Muller. Sutradara ini sebelumnya terkenal dengan hasil karyanya seperti Song 2 oleh Blur. Ssst .. katanya sih model video klipnya Ryan Gentles, manajer The Strokes sendiri!
Setelah sekian lama tidak ada berita terbaru, akhirnya muncul berita heboh bahwa Julian telah bertunangan dengan Juliet Joslin, asisten manajer The Strokes. untuk lebih lanjut kunjungin www.livejournal.com/community/thestrokes congrats!
Tuh kan jadi juga desain kaosnya, makasih untuk       missriboet    yang sudah menyediakan waktu, tenaga dan listrik komputer untuk mendesain kaos ini. What do you think?
i jsut wanted to say that i had the greatest birthday ever.  thank you everyone for making it the most memorable birthday of my life.  i love you all.
i've got a girlfriend she tells me she needs me and she loves me we'll probably get married oh no, and everyone will bite their tongues so hard they'll bleed  when mom hears this song she'll tell me im crazy and she'll say to me  "son you're much too young, go have some fun don't waste your youth like i did"   those words hit home. one day youll all bite your tongues
Thanks to       mr_moleskin    for the loan of the camera, here's some photos!     me looking  bling            damn I'm sexy!      Derek, me, Mr Moleskin, and whatshisface      Me doing some special top-secret computery things      Me caught on video - I'd make a great actress!!! :-D
Inspired by tonight's  Enterprise  episode, "Doctor's Orders," and by my lifelong love of Dr. McCoy...  The image is on display  here.   More  Star Trek  icons will be forthcoming, from the various series.  Please credit       aerdens_icons   . Comment, if you take. Be willing to share. Customize as you like. Enjoy!
Who does Jayden look like most??? Mommy or Daddy! =)      Daddy pics      Jayden Pics      Mommy pics        I think DADDY! hehehe spitting image in my mind! look at the lips..& eyes!  &lt;3 Ashes
I'd like to take this moment to wish one of my bestest friends in the whole wide universe,       briani   , and very happy birthday (and belated happy Thanksgiving.)  Hope your day is going great down in AL and that you have a safe trip back to Southern.  Peace out and have a good one!
A very  happy birthday  to my friend       undomielelelome   !!!  Hope you get all the presents you deserved and didn't deserve!  If there were any you didn't......Anyway, hope you had a great day!
I am sitting at chaosandtwocats house, kinda drunk after artbroken's karoke festival. This rocked, and Helga thinks that I sang like a diva, even though I didn't know the words to manic monday. Stimpy is so hot.
and today I have a whole CHOCOLATE CAKE and the  Clex Fest 11th wave  to read. Somebody out there loves me.
Today I did nothing at school, because the building next door was burning!  This pic is for Kirby *BLUSH*   I hope he don't get scared of me.. lol.
I'm getting used to the mountain! im getting used to the mountain! i never thought i would but i am! wow! i am totally climbing it now without any problems! woohoooo! yeah!
*sits by the window with  Niel&iacute;qui  and teaches her about the world*  *yes, teaches*  *you read that right*  *PH33R*
This was yanked from a shitload of people:  If you woke up in bed with me, what would be your first thought? (Now post this in your LJ and find out what mine would be)
i got five new cds in the mail today. i love when the come early   kelly clarkson - break away live - awake; the best of live james iha - let it come down green day - international superhits the lord of the rings - the return of the king  fun fun. too bad i haven't received the $20 purse i purchased from a chick off the internet over a month ago! yeah, she's going to get an earful...
Yesterday's Valentine....................*sigh*  Watched the first 3 seconds of the Silent Hill 4 trailer. I'm proud of myself. All hail the Great Kaiten-sama! ^_____^
Your Penis Name is:  Ivan the Terrible          Get your own Penis Name             Which Survivor of the Impending Nuclear Apocalypse Are You?    A Rum and Monkey joint.
Miss Chim: you and me...tomorrow afternoon...another chic flic at my house??  i was thinking some time around 1pm tomorrow afternoon...  i have a hair appointment at 6pm...so we'll have to be finished by then.  let me know if this works for you...if not, let me know if there is another time that we could get together.  love ya...mwah!!
You know the drill...add me, I add you back :) Current layout, icons, and friends-only picture all created by me using Adobe Photoshop 7.0. Please don't steal!  Thanks! ~Bonnie       (I'm finally learning Adobe, whoo-hoo!)
White Ninja is one of my favourite webcomics on the net... it is super funny and original... You guys better visit   White Ninja's site...   its comedic gold!
I just had this really awesome creative idea. I don't know how the hell I'll make it work or if it's even possible but I guess I'm gonna try it, no? I need to discuss this with Dane.   Ben Lee has the most beautiful soul. He makes me happy.
Mousey day is getting closer, and even better.       meepalicious    is making me a cool shirt, it's on the upper left had corner of her designs. It's Spiff! It's gonna have pictures of  me  on the shirt and the sleves are gonna be blue and puffy!
G'day all,  Been so busy of late.  Life seames to be sorting itself out for me, thus im one happy camper ATM.  Now setteled in our new house, I feel as though I can go and be more productive with my life.  I've allready started.  Court is all over now also, and with Japan 2 months away, life is flying by.    I just cant wait to get internet on, once that is done, my life is complete.
adrienne and i went to see death to smoochy. it was halarious! though i figured out why it was rated R. oh well ^^.^ A lovely evening. though this morning i was sick. --_-;;; yuck. i had a fever. so mom made me stay home through second period. oh well. we re-did a lab in 1st (and she didnt notice i was gone) and went over a worksheet i think i did in second. such a day.
Ignore.  I'm bored.  & as per usual, I have nothing interesting to type about.  Want. iPod. now. kay.      What a stud
So today is finally my 17th Birthday, and as a present, my mother got me concert tickets... for Staind. Let me tell you..... Fucking Awesome! Quite an Adventure.  Nothing More To Say.
*Going to see House of 1000 Corpses again tonight with Chris... this should be fun.*  I'm going to try to put some new pictures up soon, knowing my luck, It won't work.   Ordering A Perfect Circle tickets tomorrow... yay!  Tried to save myself, But myself keeps slipping away.
This thing kinda sucks guys.  i dunno what to write newayz an im shit at writin too.  half term was cool, went sailing.  but the weekends sucked.  Ahh i just got id ed for the first time today.  Serves me right for buyin too many fags! ha,  Ahh i got my new rocks on staurday though, v cool. Ha.  Banana cool word!!!!!!!!
It was raining just a moment ago, and we had hail, but it just stopped and out the back window is a huge rainbow. And it's a full arc too! I wish I could get a picture of it. It's so cool~~
I found out tonight that I passed my NC Emergency Medical Technician state exam, so now I'm certified and can work at any ambulance squad in NC :) !  Now, someone please buy me  this , and I will be in heaven.  Also, tomorrow at 1:00, I graduate from college :)
CONGRATULATIONS       purplefreak   !!!!  Welcome,    Emily Jean   !!!!   Six pounds, nine ounces. You little snookerdoodle!
Steve has also made me this self worshipping icon. Damn I wish I could make these. Thanx Baby for all the fun new icons. =)
I think today must have had some plastic surgery . . . how could something be so naturally beautiful?
TCNJ 2009.  That's right.  Lions, bitch.  Enough said.  I saw, I loved, I'm sending in my deposit.  Today's quote: "Everything just seems so clear to me, nothing left to know."  Toronto on Wednesday.    V. pleased.  Shit.  I didn't start Siddhartha.  Not quite so pleased.  Fuck.
Awww yeah.  Awwww no.  Hell yeah.  What?  Stop reading journals and say it with me...  Fuck yeah.     No reason.  -Randall
hello! I am new here.... I hope I get along with you all  xxx from senshigeia  p.s: I LOVE FUSHIGI YUUGI!!!
For some reason the last 3 songs are all playing the same thing.  The song you are hearing 3 times is "River Running By".  Hopefully it will fix itself soon!
I have put up 4 exclusive tracks on myspace.com.  2 DIVIDE B-sides and 2 songs from my upcoming digitally exclusive (iTunes etc) EP.  Get them here:   www.myspace.com/caseystratton   ENJOY!  ~Casey
Britty and Dan are dating! I was a little worried at first but now i'm okay with it! I love Dan! Hes really nice and he'll take care of my sis! *smiles* He was over last night too. We watched tv....and then i woke them up this morning *laughs* i'm funny! i'm gonna go see them now!  JAMIE LYNN-
ok so i went to wal-mart and this weekend im going to get my friends gifts cuz i kow exactly what im getting everybody! i gots a movie!...it was Ghost Ship! ok so the things im buying my friends r 12-15 bucks....im like buying like 7 ppl!...lol :) so i shall go now ttyl love ya bye ~Felicia~
Went to my site earlier and randomly checked my guestbook.       nemecic    Signed it!!!!  *affectionate hugs and deep loving kisses*   muah!  I dont know how recent it was though :-S
Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    Jazz               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
I thought I needed to wait until after tomorrow's game.  But I was wrong, I have the XP.  Now I can use Prometheus' Fist on my Thyrsus!  Kids, don't try this at home.  Are any out-of-domain players traveling to the Providence Changeling game tomorrow?
Back from vacation! It was fun, but it's good to be back home. Went to anime club today and bought two posters; a Chobits poster and a BSSM manga poster. My friends still intend on doing a cosplay for Nekocon, but I haven't the slightest if it'll work out. Got my haircut short again today. Turned out good. School starts Tuesday. Not much to say.  Later.  ~Skye-chan
Dream offN space: do u have an LJ? Dream offN space: update it u loser  ok... life is good :]... i enjoy it very much here in sb... people should come visit me! um give me some notice before you come though.... okkkkkkshannon'shotweow.
You will live in Apartment. You will drive a Black BMW. You will marry Peter and have 3 kids. You will be a Writer in Chatham.  Hardly think so do you..................  By the way if your name is Peter please get in contact!!
New icons WOO!  Check them out.  But see I kept Britney's fave ;)  Thanks to my lovely FIANCEE!!  Deb-I love you.
When no one is home, I play rock star!!!! Just thought some of you would like to know! I really enjoy my hobbie, playing bass guitar! My bass is my baby! I love it when no one is home!
basketball starts sunday and boy am i excited. me, scott, luke, 5 other people ive never met....were goin undefeated! soccer is still awesome, they finally got the new field turf stuff, no more astroturf, that stuff is so old school nfl. anywasy life is awesome.payin off the debt, playin sports, and more wonderful people in my life than i could ever wish for.
so i started missing sweden alot this week,  and i was beginning to wish i was back there again...  that is until i started remembering the music scene there:  these are the holy dragons from sweden, they are apparently a "true power metal band". which true power metal photoshop background do you like best?    or:    please also note that the lead singer is like 50.
It's been a while since i've posted, maybe this is a good sign... I now work at Urban Outfitters and have decided that this shirt needs to be my next clothing purchase:    I am neither asian or a girl.  In other news, I'm pretty set on moving to boston in the fall for architecture school. I hope they have girls and food there.  If so, I'm set.
I took this picture a day after i got my digital camera when i was in a taking crappy pictures of everything because i have a new camera phase.  But i wanted something new to look at whenever i check this silly journal.  Does it make you thirsty and/or horny?     if you answered horny to above call me....freak.
Today I am a happy happy happy nodster!  For today I recieved THE BILL. That is, the bill that I thought would be draining my cash reserves. But no! The bill was about half the previous years amounts!! Woohooo!! Much love for the Residents Association who've taken over the management of the properties and thus reduced the annual expenditure!!  Hehehe!! Happy happy happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So tonight... a night w/ the gals?? Hmm....it should be fun... and I am really excited that we are all going to be together! Hopefully everything goes great, and is how it used to be! Well all but one will be there! But I think we will have a good time!! I cant belive we will all actually be together tho! Crazy!! Anywho!! Hope you all have a wonderful spring break! Be safe!! haha! :) XoXo
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY EVERYONE! i mite actually like it this year.... no... i already do! :) love you baby!    oh...and by the fuck you bitch!!! why dont you stop being such a fuckin hypocrit...cuz that all you are!! UGH!!
Umm... so today is the 2nd day this week i have skipped school.... hmmm... this cant be good! haha! at least i'll have a drs. note!! but my app aint til 3! haha!! and i have decided!! I HATE SCHOOL.... AND I HATE MARINER! woo hoo! :)   Have a lovely day at school..... maybe i can lay out and get a tan today... hmph!
ok,,,it is now thursday, ive had a total blast in hawaii, i leave on saturday...been here for 10 days~ yesterday i got to experience 15 foot waves..we rode the 15 foot waves,i am so sore.. here are some more pics, click the link at the bottom for more pics~,this week has been so much fun,,,
who got a 1270 on their SATs? ... that's right, me.  who has been having fun all weekend up until now (because of studying)? ... that's right, me again.  who has all their christmas shopping done? ... that's right, me again.  and who has the best girlfriend ever? ... still me.  i rock.
This is because:  I had my appraisal at work and it was excellent I went to Belgo's and ate mussels which were very nice I went to see Melinda and Melinda which was very funny I got home and logged on to discover I've won 2 tickets to this weekend's Mean Streets Cruise and 2 day passes for the Doncaster Show  Yay!  message ends
I love these photos. I just found them. Most of them you probably haven't seen. If you're depressed about the Texas article, you must see. Jai is amazing.
red sox are going to the world series and they will win it....and when they do win i am sure everybody that was rooting for ny will try to jump on the band wagon,but we don't want you p.s. i love you jamie,thanks for another great night and 2 months of happiness
my life is becoming very simple. and i like it. i control what happens to me (usually) :) life is good
well tomorrow is christmas. im pretty happy so much good stuff was happening to me yesterday! i &lt;3 the holidays! well merry christmas everyone!
Many Congratulations and Happy Years to:        melena    and       mrmanukatchie   !  They are getting hitched today! Yea!  I hope you both have a wonderful, happy, SUPER life together!
By the way, this weekend I finally told Mom how old my boyfriend is. She actually took it very well. I was surprised. She was happy for me :)
i'm glad i went to whortex. it really cheered me up ;)  thankyou my mushy heads.. much &lt;3 to you..  and nicesh sheeing all da peeps i hadn't seen in yages. *squish*  funny incident *snicker* ..  -you- know what i is talking 'bout   oh, and re grrls toilets! BAD BAD drainage system.. they were teh flood of d00m.  gone   xxx
For the first time in a long time I don't feel like my head is in a fog. I can think clearly again. Sure, I'm still a little twitchy, but even if the slight twitchiness doesn't go away, it's better than feeling like a zombie. I love this free from geodon feeling. I don't want to go back.
I've noticed my appetite has gone way down since I've stopped taking my Geodon. This is a good thing.
i love not having to work!  i have already watched the incredibles today, which i thought was pretty cute.  now i think i might start another one.  who's gonna stop me really.  i dare you to try!  is it bad that i totally want pie for breakfast?
Am currently in Ely waiting for news on my placement. The school that got half burnt down isn't open till the 25th April so Uni is looking for a new school for me. So at the moment I am enjoying spending time with *ahem* people in Ely ;o)
I knew that last time I updated my list of read books I was missing one: here it is.  Link  to its BookCrossing journal entry.
wel im happy as a motherfucker right now, i woke up to my alarm going off and another car speeding off... this time they didnt get to break in my car successfully, so thats why im happy... im also happy i have it on tape... 3 crack heads and a 2 tone suburban... i totally thought it was someone else... now its my turn to ride... il be looking for a 2 tone suburban thats for damn sure.
~neonliquid~                                                         LJ  friendsCollage .  	    Brought to you  by       pratibha75    and       teemus   .    oh yeah i snagged this from       megerber
So a girl from Canada downloaded one of my songs, Burned it to a cd so she could listen to it in her car everyday. I honestly don't think I've blushed so hard in my life. I think she's gonna buy a demo.  Too bad my music sucks. I've got a bunch of new songs w/o lyrics that are really good though. &lt;3
specially to those who *love* Danny Ildefonso (who shamelessly fired the finger many times on Ginebra fans)  WITH TWO HANDS RAISED AND SWAYING TO THE BEAT:   Na na na na, na na na na, heeeeeeey, goodbye!  (repeat endlessly)  whopeee!
I've moved!     I've moved journals. I am now here -       loneraven    and it's a brand new shiny account! I haven't added everyone yet, but if you feel prolonged interest in my life, add me, por favor, and I'll add ya back(!)  Thanking you all...
WORST CD TRADE EVER (1995):  Self - Subliminal Plastic Motives  for  Rollins Band - Weight   also, strawberry flavored quik is possibly the best drink ever.
Eeeeeeeeeeeee! Muppet Treasure Island is on! I don't care what you say, Muppets kick the ass of the ass of the ass. And this has Muppets and pirates! Eeeee!
Jag har bestämt mig för att åka till Kejsartemplet i sommar. Förhoppningsvis som legosnickare, däremot behöver jag släkt och vänner. *wink wink, nudge nudge* ;)
It makes you feel very special when a 8Kg cat jumps into your lap and puts his cold wet nose on your own.
I just watched Amelie... God I love that movie. It kind of restores my faith in life every time I watch it. It makes me want to do nice things for people. You go Amelie, you go girl.
so i'm back in rochester and again i'm coming back to nashua saturday or sunday.  it all depends.     and theirs really nothing else i'd like to talk about.
feeling much happier todae..coz..1-- played bball..hahax..2-- tok on the fone juz now wif pple..lolx..tokin always makes me feel beta..and ehz..i guess itz q. obvious..hee..
home depot called on tuesday , i got the messege thismornig I just called them and I will have to call back lateer IU think i might have a job weeee!!
go check  http://www.livejournal.com/manage/invit es.bml   i invited most every one to my new mp3 trading communityif you wernt invited then coment and ask to join. I will be screening coment to keep the names and Id's secret to prevent RIAA intervention.  please come see I know you are a file whore just like me love kate
Pretty good news- Even though i couldn't come down for almost a week like planned, I'll be in Healdsburg from around 12:00- 4 or 5:00 tomorrow.  Call my cell (916)-812-9954.  I won't have my car, so if you wanna hang out someone else will have to drive.
wow....   So this has been a GOOD birthday...  I GOT A MOTHA FUCKIN FRIDGE! thats right... a FRIDGE! its sittin in my room... waiting to give me food and drinks WHEN EVER I MOTHA FUCKIN WANT"M! hahahahaha  But i gotta new turn table too... man... this birthday is just... wow                 I gotta motha fuckin fridge....
Head hurts.  Bus driver told me to smile.  Does baring your teeth count?  Medieval Studies lecture was good, looking forward to more... also fits in nicely with what we were doing last semester which is always nice.    For those who wanted to know, yes, anchorites were reported as drinking pus.  For those who didn't, sorry for spoiling your lunch.  I did warn you ^_^
I just got emailed this by Tom. Seems he's lost most of our emails, so I figured it couldn't hurt to put it up here.  It's an MSN group, but it can be veiwed online rather than through emails (thankfully). Go on, take a look!   http://groups.msn.com/katieandtomsweddi ngpictures/join   (hint: Tom's somewhere near the bottom of page two. The guy in the dreds is Katie's brother.
i went fishing yesterday. so fuckin intense. oh ya and i know how to make black people throw up.... put them on open waters.... so fun.
wow. i cant believe this month is almost over already, its almost gonna be 5 months till i grow up. yesssssssssss  i love life.
I sent replies to everyone who posted about our picture yesterday, but they haven't shown up in my LJ entry.   Did anyone get their reply?
Strange how feeling good on the inside makes you feel better on the outside too. For the first time in a long time, I truely feel really good.   :)  Hope everyone else is doin' cool.
I may have forgotten to turn on my alarm last night and thereby slept through my early class today, but I'm sure glad I decided not to skip my physics class as well; if I had, I wouldn't have gone outside.  I had my window open driving to campus (I even thought about walking, but I didn't leave enough time), and I left my jacket in my car.
This is the fine ass that took my virginity away over a bottle of Bicardi O. well, a few shots. but anyways, he's hot.
This weekend was awesome. We went to a club and some bars and bunch of parties. Hung out, met new people, saw some olds one and over all rocked the house. So it was fun. That picture is from the night we went to Stetsons'. It was a sort of Country club that played Rap. Strange but lots of fun.   Well I suppose I should go finish my homework! :(    More later, Smange
There are perks to having a gf who is a practicing physical therapist.....  they would be that i'm leaving work at 5:30 to go walk over to her office and have her treat me with electro-stimulation on my aching tense shoulders.  Mmmmmm.
where everything is just worth it.  I've been having a fabulous day so far.  : )  julie is happy.   EDIT:  Hrmm, well, all is good cept i think i may have an ear infection .....my left ear hurts.  :'(
So 've found what 'm looking f'r in the way've a house an all.  's big.  Should be loads've room f'r people.    So f'r, 've heard from Hermione, Hannah, Zach, Anthony, 'n Luna.  Anyone else, 's's y'r last chance t'get in on this.  's one more room.  Let me know.  The rest've y', we should take a look an all at it in the next day 'r so.  Express goes Monday, so we're out by then.  Cheers t'y'all.
So the surgery went extremely well.  I got the bandages taken off today, they look awesome.  Anyway, I am sooo pleased.  They are alot less painful than I anticipated.  I'm already able to walk around and do most things besides heavy lifting and such.   I'll post pix soon!  Saturday Domiana and I will be going to The Fetish Gallery show in Hollywood.  It should be fun.
Everything went well.  Here's my little angel!      http://www.ofoto.com/PhotoView.jsp?UV=6 95907701836_11293515605&collid=20124515605&photoid=97154515605
Last night I slept over at Ella's. We made up a play entitled "Ducks". It was the most random thing ever. XD Yay. Then we left and went to STAPLES! I got SCHOOL SUPPLIES! &lt;3  After Staples we went to Borders and got the Alanis Morissette CD (Jagged little pill) Yay. Then we went to the SPCA and I played with a rabbit for an hour.  Yay! What a good day.  It's almost fall. XD
Today was my second day of soccer camp... it was better than yesterday and it didn't seem as hot although it really was. Nothing exciting happened today really...
There's a LARP tomorrow based on  The Matrix , and I got in off the waitlist.  W00t!  (On the other hand, that means I'm going to be  really  busy this weekend.  Worth it, though.)
Adriana, you are the best!  I had fun today!  Jorge, I'm sad we didn't get to hang out together.  But we will soon.   ^_^
Today's new purchase: Sonic Megacollection.   Now I must go meditate to find the answer to the question: Why is Sonic 3 in all its sprite blitted glory more entertaining that the fully 3D ray-traced world of Mario Sunshine?
Hey, if anyone's gonna be in New York either right before July 20 or right after August 25, let me know
Does anyone have any ski clothes I could borrow?  My dorm's going on a ski trip the first weekend after break and since I've never been skiing, I have absolutely nothing.  I'm not even sure exactly what I'm supposed to have.  Anyways, if anyone has stuff I could use, please please let me know!
The sun is shining and today we get to show my dad and stepmom the city we've been living in the past year.  And we sign our new lease.  And get taken out for yummy foods.  Today will be very good!  PS: Hello tax refund!
so my grades right now are pretty much kicking ass. i have a 100 percent in my drama class, and a 98.9 PERCENT IN MY ALGEBRA CLASS!! never have i gotten a 98 percent in any math class. i am immensely proud of me. although my english grade is a 89.6....because my english teacher is a whore. bleh. but yea... i hope that this keeps up! no more senioritis. because i'm kinda slackin' right now.
Happy VD everyone.  Hope you get your heart's desires.   I opened the door today to a floral delivery guy.  The Karen is a happy girl.        karinbee    sent my Tulips!  *dance*  She's sweet.   Now...now I am off to class.
Tom's coming over! We're gonna watch movies and eat popcorn and I have to keep him distracted or something. I'm sure I can do it.    Disclaimer.
ok...went bowlin with my grandparents matt an dmy sister ended up bowlin next to trevor that was fun..but came home went out to dinner with mom and don..becca stayed home lol! well mom and don sayed i could finally b a vegitarian but i couldn't only eat junk food!! os happy but yea
"Circling the Earth in the orbital spaceship I marvelled at the beauty of our planet. People of the world! Let us safeguard and enhance this beauty - not destroy it!"       - Yuri Gagarin    44 and counting. Not dead yet.
AAAH!! I haven't posted for a long time. Guess who's the new school president??? ME!!! I got 88 votes Jesse got 33 votes and Casey got 19 votes. (I go to a private school so there aren't alot of people in the grades that could vote) I'm proud of myself and I finally found happiness in myself. (I know soon i'll be defeated though) My parents are proud of me also. Life is finally good =).
I'm in a better now someone I havent seen in 3 years was just here so I'm in a good mood now. Hopefully aaron will get his message I wrote him and he will write me back. well g2g so bye peeps
Peder and I went the the Medevil fair yesterday. I got to pet a dragon. Well someone dressed as a Dragon. It was fun. I saw fairies and other such odd creatures :D
Saw Harry potter with my b/f I don't really like harry but he did. I should have ate before the movie because after I almost fainted. If I don't eat I faint.
heya mofos,   i got my license today. 6 errors. I dont think I should've passed, cos I did some marvelously dumb things during the test but that's society's problem now. Thanks to the lady who tested me. Sorry she had to listen to my nervous muttering and witness my flustered hand signals.
armegeddon99_00 (3/23/05 10:22:21 AM): E Muja Oui Amewypadr E Ys Ouinc ;D thats I Love You Elizabeth I Am Yours in Al Bhed ;D
Listening to techno, raving on webcam, and lagging therefor making it look like you're on some serious drugs, is the best way to spend a Sunday night...and the best way to connect with someone .  I love you dorko
Well,i beated Gradius V today. That also mean that i unlocked the weapon edit mode. Now the only thing left to unlock is infinte credits &gt;_&gt;
Well,i acquired another lvl10 weapon today in DW4. Its Zhang Liao lvl10 weapon. I also cleared Lu Bu Musou mode on hard as well.  I did also saw the Resident Evil movie (The first one) Its a cool movie (I got to see apocalypse one day)
got my lip pierced. booyah! oooooooo its fucking hot as hell. i love it. mmmmm. i'll prolly post a pic when i get around to it..
life as i no it could not get any better. i have a wounderfull life! i love you for ever brandon! always reamember that! u r my bitch! well i also cant wait 2... FUCK U!!!!!!!!!lol hahahahahahahaha
Well.. Today was cool...  Except for the frank lloyd wright thing.... :(  Thanks Becca!!!!    Vanessa is coming home with me and hanging out Friday... yay!   &hearts; Kristin &hearts;
Okay so a long time ago, Ryan finally asked me to marry him!  On thursday, Dec 23 at approx. 11:20 pm, I became officially engaged!  It is gorgeous, 0.4 carat diamond surronded by 33 diamonds on the band...it is absolutely wonderful.  I have to go back to school on monday, which is  a drag, but I am happy to see Ali, Michelle, and Miren again!  Enough for now...HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Yup. I just talked to Scott. He's so great.&nbsp; He has made my day :) Lol.. Yeah, no Teo. He should get the gift by today. Time will tell what he does with that shit tho.. I dunno. But anyways. Talking to Scott for those few minutes has made things ok. I am in a better, more cheery mood. Yup, Yup.
Just to let most of you know Im still alive.. (YaY)  What's up lately?  Nothing much... Enjoy my time with me Sosi Bebe!    Love Ya Bebe!!   Well Have Nothing Much To Update About This Sums It Up!
Just To Let You Know... I Now Have A Niece.....       WELCOME TO THE WORLD SHELBY GRACE!!!!        I will have an update soon... For A Funny Story and PIctures of Monday Night/Tues Early Mornin Check out My friends journal!!!! Just click my friends!   Ok Im going to bed I am tired...
Last night I was over Sabrina’s house and we played Scrabble with Courtney and I fucken won which was cool. &nbsp;  Then me and Sabrina went to Central Park to see if the gates were still there (we weren’t sure) and they weren’t there! &nbsp;  and it was so funny we were standing there like it was some big shocking travesty. &nbsp;  We were really silly last night.
LOOK OUT!   ïòð      sweetestlie is a radioactive squirrel!!     Username:     From  Go-Quiz.com    HA i beat you all im a radioactive squirrel ya well i have to go to work in like umm 20 mins so ttyl!!
Would anyone want to bang you? by phobia      Name:           Favorite Food:           Wants to Bang you:           This many times:    204               Quiz created with MemeGen  !         WHOPWHOP!! i got johnny depp ha!!!..okay im good now
Eien!  stats: Bloodtype A, height 5'8'' (for the short ladies), hobbies are painting and drawing, he also sings but likes to hide the fact,  he hates to do any type of hard work. His favorite subject in school is Language arts, and his least favorite is Physical Education.      would a nice guy,  badass, punk, or a goth boy go for you 5 (Three new pics)     brought to you by  Quizilla
yesh i have the greatest friends ever. thank you, your the best.  tori concert over phone and a tour guide im so happy.
From the 9th to the 15th I will be in lovely Ocean City, marylan which means I will not be able to update for Snape and won't be able to rp. I'll miss you all! Joe/Snape
Woot Woot. SO TRUE!    The Goddess of Roses and Love. You are a hopeless romantic. Always optimistic and loving, you have many friends and you are exceptionally trustworthy. You are a innocent beauty.      Which gorgeous goddess are you? For girls! (breath taking pics!)      brought to you by  Quizilla
Okay just got home from being hospitalized from 03/22/05 till 03/26/05.  I had MRSA (if you're interested, here is a link that explains it:  http://www.cdc.gov/ncidod/hip/Aresist/c a_mrsa_public.htm  ) and my diabetes complicaticated the matter alot.   But I'm back, and the sun is shining!!!!!!!!!
Yaaay!! People like my story!! I'm really very happy about that. It's a good thing, having your work appreciated...  AND I finally have an icon!! Although I was too busy draw one yet, I did make this one! It's kinda cute, I think, made of one of my favorite screenshots (who knows why?)
you know it's love when you want to give joy and damn the consequences. brian herbert..... this makes me happy....
Well, The DMV FINALLY set my uncle the title to his car so he can sign it over to me...so on Monday I'll have MY car on the road...yay...no more bugging Ben and my dad for rides.
all of the hosts are working now.  yay!  it'll probably only last for a day or so.  my luck.  if you want to see my "creation" for church ?  cornerstone8.org
Hey all, well this weekend has been pretty cool. I went up to my property in Toledo and it was so nice out there. I guess I don't really have any news, but my friend is here and she's awesome. Okay well I do need to get goin' but I wanted to tell you that I turned in all my late work on Friday. See ya!
I am not the proud owner of a Creme Brulee!  PS My bowls had wild bowl sex and created a third bowl.  No really... I started off the year with two bowls and now there is a third.
Lounge:: Rest  Photograph:: Picture  Catacomb:: Huh?   Crucifix:: Cross  Fired drill:: Elementary school  Tube:: swimming pool  Dropped:: broken  LTD:: long term disability  Panther:: black  Formica:: counter  http://subliminal.lunanina.com
, add my new LJ. i will probably delete this one..or something.. so add  world_ premiere  ..or something..
Today was nice. I've had such a good day. School was okay and seemed to last five minutes. Then I went to brittany's house and got to spend time with her and her mom and brother and their two new puppies. They're so sweet and fat. Brittany and I just hung out and watched movies and ate pizza. Fun, but the night seemed to go bye quiker than school.
I stayed away until 3, then woke up at 9 o'-fucking-clock in the morning because the blackbirds sounded like they were trying to shove their heads into my window to "SCREECH, SCREEEECH!" So I went back to bed at 10:30 and slept till 2. That's better ^.^
&nbsp;Today has been incredible so far! My parents sang happy birthday to me and I was groggy so I was like,"BLAH" lol. Then I came to school and everyone has been so happy for me and Chelsea: EVERYONE LOVES MY HAIR. Hehehe I'm dying it red when this stuff comes out because I'm addicted to it now.
I love Nick. Two years today. This is a big anniversary. It feels like two days. I promise you the world.
Potter --  Here. I was your secret santa. I don't know you at all, but I know you're crazy and you did some drugs. Have fun. Happy holidays.  ZS  ((Attached is a glass pipe.))
http://www.cnn.com/2005/HEALTH/02/23/ai ds.protein.reut/index.html   Also in local news, Ellie and I are getting a apartment... We will be able to start moving in March 15th.
Hey everyone still aint gotta house but we will be moving in with my aunt soon so i will probley be able to get online alittle maybe 30 mins everyday or twice a week, Me and Tommy are engaged and when i'm 18 we are allowed to get married so wish me luck I'm actually happy even without a house but I just figured i'd update y'all have fun cant wait to here from y'all Love Always  Candi
I know that I got on here late, but forgive me babe.  You are such a fantastic person and I am so glad to have met you babes. It's so great to know that I can go online and always have someone to listen to my inane rambling.  So here's to a wonderful and amazing birthday. And thanks doll, for being such a damn good friend.  Luv ya! Sara
I just finished my Greek exam and I feel awesome! I felt like I really understood the passages and I could scan the lines with no problem. Thank you to everyone who sent positive vibes to me. Such releif! Now I'm going to go do something fun! Cheers!
I know they don't get up here a lot but i have to thank them and let them know how much they help me so far for my one year at school. Thanks to my brother-in-law and sissy who are the best couple i have ever met and the best friends i have ever had at any school. Yall mean a lot to me and i want to make sure you both know. Love ya Lots Jennifer
Wow, Today was no different from any other day. The guy that I love pratcially hates me and wont talk to me. Talked to Mari at the library. Was stranded there until I called Beth and her Mom is giving me a ride home. So thats my boringly pathetic life.
I GOT MY PERMIT!!  CAUTION: Roads are no longer safe. Do not make the mistake of thinking sidewalks are either.   ...thank you...that is all...
i love to write...  lol. i wonder why i used to hate writing but now that i realized that retarded people can't write when it is their own language they speak...  no longer am i a retard   yay to be not retarded!
Happy Valentine's Day to all!  And since I've been remiss in updating, here is the latest baby news:  Patrick started cutting his first 2 teeth right before Christmas, and as of last Thursday is crawling around and trying to get into anything and everything he sees.
Tea and cake... We went to the cafe today and then hit two shoe stores and the make-up store. I got a lime green/ turquoise eyeshadow and went home and put one of the shades on each eye... It looks good... Dorky but good. Kind of like if a 5 year-old did it. I'm very proud of my make-up talents. One week to go to the DAY. Yikes... Have so got to hit the books.
I made a new live journal  I figure i needed to about now  Everyone add me ok, its freind only veiw so if you want me to add you let me know  the name is schieheroin  everyone better add me :D I guess ill delete this one in a few days so many memories
Nothing rocks my world harder than gMail.  I'm having fun sending and receiving e-mail again. It's just like the mid-90's with my first AOL account again.  I'm so happy!!!!!!
End up Like This - a bit rocky - its AMAZING!!!! It's just him singing it altho at bits I think wee Matt is there but I think it IS actually just Jaff.,  It does say Busted when u play it in Winamp.  If u want it im me on Msn   Libi
Mr. Frodo  told me that he thinks im cool.... I feel so loved right now! *smiles*  mr. Frodo ? Youre the coolest! *hugs*  trillium
Pushing away life Faster than it is handed to you Easier than cuts  On a barely healed wrist The point is clear to all Even if you are still in dark Slowly ribs poke Through delicate skin People stare and watch The spectacle of life As it is so easily given away
When your manager makes this pronouncement about the ace pitcher on your favorite team, it's always a good thing.    One thing, though: Willie, make sure he pitches like he did two years ago and not last year.  Thank you.
I'm not a Rutgers grad, I don't work there, and I've only been there a few times.  Athletically, the school has had somewhat of a laughing-stock image since the late 1970s.  Finally, though, women's NCAA basketball has given them  something to crow about .  Go Lady Knights!  Just a little bit of sports squee for the women since my men's bracket is completely busted.
I'm in a pool here at work to win lunch with the boss, and it looks like I'm in first place after yesterday's action.  I messed up with Alabama and Iowa and should've taken Wisc-Milwaukee and Cincinnati.  My upset specials for today are St. Mary's (CA), Iowa State, North Carolina St., Mississippi St., and Old Dominion.  So far, so good!
who would have thought that i will be logging in livejournal here in my very own home. masaya pala noh? walang kang iisiping bayad tsaka mga katabi!!!  MAY PHONE NA KASI KAMI!!!!  overwhelming. Ü
Inspired by       hvaharu   , I went searching for the "Nightmare Before Christmas".   As usual, oops. I am always sooo amused by the wide and bewildered eyes of clerks in video shops, whenever I come and ask for something...  On the other hand, I consider myself extremely lucky this time, for I managed to catch Anna German on CD. Yay!
It felt good to be home.  And shut up, I know it's my fault. Just saying. I forgot how much fun hanging out with Loram is. Must be the whole "being sober" thing. Damn. It's gonna be a long two and a half more months.  ...Loram, remember to save that bottle.
Guess what Lans? Our rooms are ready! We are free to move in whenever... That's fun!  Guess I'll be making a trip out to London soon!    Oh ya... they are only charging us rent from June 15th.  Other than that.. work sucks.. oh well.. I have MSN tho!  That's also fun!
Our computer works again, thanks to many of our wonderful friends (      robinbloke    particularly)!  I am very happy now.
There has been no need really to post as of late, I've been incredibly busy, mostly with my father.&nbsp; Trace, I wish you the best with your continual search for love, seems you'll have more luck than most of us as of late.
The cons of Valentine's Day: 3. No gifts 2. No boyfriend, fiancée, husband  1. No sex  The pros of Valentine's Day: 3. Gifts 2. Boyfriend, fiancée, husband 1. Sex  One simply has to outweigh the other, doesn't it?  For those who one of these options apply to, consider yourself lucky. After all, there's always next year.  And merry V-day.
Whoo hoo!! GREAT song. Especially the mega remix. 4 songs on 1. But not all people will like it tough...... :_(. The only thing people might not like about it is that it is mostly in Koren but some of it is in English......but not for me though.......the Koren part is the best!!!!!! I love Korea!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D :D :D
you say, that weve got nothing in common. no common ground to start from.&nbsp;and we're falling apart. you say, the world has come between us, our lives have come between us still i know you just dont care.... ANNNNNd i said what about.. Breakfast At Tiffanys? she said, I think i remember the film and.... as i recall i think.. we both kinda liked it.. and i said, Well, thats one thing we got.
Ok, you jerks. I finally finished a dumb ol' drawing. Since I have no scanner right now, I am forced to use Photoshop. Also, I'm desperately trying to redo my Crapstone. With all new characters and a developed storyline. So this ended up being a week's-worth of work on one  character  I came up with, and finished today.
mm strawberry banana smoothie  ps @- yeah, im going to that over-night thing.. i got all the stuff in the mail the other day. i'm assuming we'll plan details later :)  um, randy... i miss you!!! ps i fell in love with you even more this morning :) thinking of you and naomi called me, we chatted it up. we're gonna hang out spring break.
I just got an invitation to join Golden Key Honour Society. Apparantly I'm in the top 15% of my class!  Anyone know anything about this organization??
Guess who just got an advanced copy of the new Better Than Ezra album...aw yeah!   Review coming soon.
Ok, I must say they did a great job of keeping my interested in this upcoming season.  So many possible plots; so many issues that need to be resolved; and so much foreshadowing to the future.  So this show remains the only show that I don't want to miss for another year.
So, drama, drama, drama... long story short, the boy and I broke up. What a shame, what a shame. I'm living the single life, and loving it. Just thought I'd say that. Hey to everybody I love. Peace out for now.  Love Ya, Reesa
gosh...it's been a really long time since i've updated! and not really all that much has happend. I'm still madly in love with tommy (6 months tomorrow) and i just got a new job. i'm not going to say where so no one can bug me or make fun of me! k well i guess thats about all i have to say.     hi david and jen i hope you two are havin fun!   I love you tommy!
hey people...whats up???? wow its been a long time huh... not really much has happend to me latley...id like to say hello to all my friends and to Tommy i love you!!!!  well thats about all that i can type right now! c yall later   i love tommy sooooooooooooooooo much!
Hi hi hi there, Mr. Deltoid.   I've got a ton of these Beatles icons so I'm gonna switch up every once in a while.   I'm about to go to the bookstore and I'm fucking psyched.   I'm so in love with life right now =).   Lizzie - that is fucking AWESOME that you got your new I-Book! I'm so excited for you!   I'm inspired...
happy birthday to me!!  took a cuical road trip to north carolina last ngiht for hang out time with some people... it was fun.. minus the driving in circles part... i'll post some pictures later... thank you so much to amber, brad, and jason for making my birthday great..... its been a while since i've had a really good birthday day... so thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Well.  The Yorkton trip was a success.  It was actually more than a success.  My goal was to buy 2 pairs of pants and one pink top.  I bought 2 pairs of pants, 3 pink tops, and one pair of black loafers (plus other miscellaneous stuff).  It was good, and it was fun!  And I've basically doubled my work wardrobe!
Met a girl on Friday through a mutual friend...We're 'dating'. She's very smart, intensely weird, funny, and named after Ashley from Gone with the Wind.   Yes, I'm really, really sure she's a girl.   Tonight: movies, pizza, and beer(beer for her, anyway).
hey everyone..  the band I manage   BLEED YOU DRY   have recorded a demo!!! Check out  http://www.bleedyoudry.tk  or hit up www.myspace.com/bleedyoudry  thanks guys love kirsten
w00t!  Rydberg  now displays your friends list history in reverse chronological order, i.e. most recent day shown first. :)
my fish just fell over dead. i can't stop shaking. my heart is beating really fast. people are mad at me, and i started the conversation with an extra effort to be nice... fun!.
i have real internet access again. this makes me quite happy.   mmmmm and i made tofu today and it was really good and that makes me really happy too.  today is a good day.
It came!  I love it!  SO much better than playing on my Pop'n Music ASC (duh). Oh man IIDX is awesome.
It's poker night. It kicks ass that I get along with my roommates so well. We're all gonna play some pool, darts, Gamecube (We bachlor padded the garage). Then maybe watch a few episodes of Angel which I got them hooked on, once Pokie (btai) shows up. Then poker till dawn!
B~DAY Countdown: NO MORE DAYS!!!!!  I AM 16!!!!!!!!!!! And I have a cellphone!!!! AHHHHHHHH!!!! This christmas was great.   Plus the waiter for my birthday dinner was mucho hot!! Yay!!  And I have plans for New Years!! YAY!!!  I am super duper happy today!!!  I LOVE YOU ALL SO VERY VERY MUCH!!!
*sigh* i wanted to find a breed of cat in japan that suites me, but they dont have any that i could find, except the japanese bobtail. if i go with that, ill give it a dragon tail. even if that kind of takes the name away. i dont know what to do. i like tigers, but i dont think its me. if you can help out feel free to sujest things
I have an sex-related filter that I occasionally post things to (and will be adding some girly-shots to soonish).  If you aren't on it, and would like to be, let me know.  It's stuff that I don't want to be throwing out into the web at large, so please don't duplicate it to anywhere public.
Spent most of the evening getting laundry and my strewn stuff put away.  Still a lot to go, but soooo nice.  I decided to cap it off by vacuuming so it would really feel clean, and instead managed to fill the room with the stink of burning rubber belt. Um.  Jai is going to poke at the vacuum's innards before I try that again.  but I woke up in sunlight.
2005 is the year for me!!!!  Studying what I like Getting the grades Job Cancun Italy More involved And the best of all.... *my honey* :)
We beat Stanfurd!  We have a chance for the Rose bowl... just gotta beat So. Mississippi  Great scores on my Public Health Midterms  I'm the new Panhellenic Vice President of my sorority  I'm soooo happy with my guy  Lastly, I'm going home tomorrow!!!!!
Just came back from watching a couple movies with Val, Shelby and cute a$$ guys. hehehe I should try to go watch them practice. :D
Found the source of the stink yesterday - there were some rotting potatoes.  Yuck.  Threw them out, and  voila , no more stink.
Climbing makes me happy.    Internet wasn't working earlier so I made crappy icons.         .    Yayness.  Exam results scarily good.  Happy Birthday       _xehra   !  Tired, sore and achey, but happy.
its kinda weird for the first time i feel is pretty good.joe slept over last night and is tonight with me at my brothers house.I got to see megan.It made me happy. now me and joe are watching family guy.so yea life is kool.
Wow I'm really happy.  I just had possibly the best day of my life.  and it's so random i dont even really know why.  lol and i was even nice to my mom just now, lol.  yeah....found out something cool at school today and i've been really happy ever since.   i don't want to jinx anything though(lol) so we'll wait and see....  anyway i've gots to go. have a good day!  SMILE!!I know i am!
This puppets were handmade with love by       malmostosa    (also check       filoillogico    for some more of her amazing work) who was inspired by   Bruttavita   and made a little Bruttavita family  and then gave them to us, so that we can use them for next year's issue. Aren't they totally cool?
Well, I think that I managed to get the connection sorted at last. Just closed down and restarted and it all connected up again successfully! I must be a technical genius :-)
Hey whats going on with you all??? Im cool here!! I really didnt do that much today. I made up a flyer to people on my street so I maybe can get a babysitting job around here. That is about it! Me and my sis are chillin right now,and I really do not have much more to say but I love you all!!! Love Always   Amanda
So, McDonalds hired me. I have to get the final phone call on Tuesday/Wednesday-ish after they've checked on my references... good stuff. I'll be a burger flippin' guitar playin' hat and apron wearin' little weirdo then...lol. well, I have to ease back into these thinge so I leave you with this little quiz thing... well, not really a quiz but whatever.
Parents and brother home safe. It's actually nice having others in the house. The calm was good, but I think one reason I had so much trouble sleeping last night was that it was just TOO quiet...  So anyway, all's well and the family is back. *yawns and streches* back to reading...
It is Mothers day on Sunday.  I would like a new handbag.  Not a shoulder bag...a handbag.  Thank You.
Went to see the Blues Brothers last night at the Vicky Hall....why do I always get stuck behind the largest person in England or the local nutter?? Last night I got lumbered with both!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO AN AWESOME GIRL!!!!! I HEART YOU LYNDSEY!!!!!!!!!    I leave you with this ALL girls............  raise your standards, but lower your skirts        i love you matt happy 8 months in 3 hours and 49 minutes
hello spring break, hello winter flurries.  today me and derek are going to see a movie tonight i'm going to the play and then sleeping over lisa's house with muriel you think the jam daddy isnt going to wake me up again when bob the fishtank guy shows up and it's time to do yoga. i hope there's some good reality tv on.
I offically work for Flordia State University!!!!!! I'm a telemarketer!!! Yes, I'm one of the annoying people you call you at dinner. :)
I have not been this happy in such a long time.  ;oD  In other news.. I really wish i could sleep now.  does anyone know how to cure insomnia?
well today was a good day.  school was pretty good!  haha.  then after schoolio, i went to SAM's!  tomorrow, her and i will be going out for 2 months. WOAH! can you say, longest relationship ive ever been in? haha.   i love you.
Hey I'm back from Texas.&nbsp;I had a blast but&nbsp;I got bit from lots of misquetos. I mostly played video games.&nbsp;I also jumped on the trampoline. I accidentlly got in a accident but I'm ok. :-)
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    vampires are love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator                &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    books are love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator        Yea, I  love  my results
With thanks to       gramina    for hooking me up:  http://www.newsday.com/news/local/newyo rk/nyc-marr0205,0,3693054.story?coll=ny-n ynews-headlines
Well, things only continue to get better and better here... So far I have not had to take a single pain pill all day.  YAY!!!!   I know two posts in two days, you're liable to go into shock... =)
An Elton John concert is on Bravo and       kwycksylver    is here making fun of me with all of my swooning and drooling. So I find that that man is my god in music. *sheepish look and then returns focus back to Elton*
...just  really  busy.  I have smoke in my hair and lungs, a long, rambling, intelligent, drunken conversation fresh in my brain, and beer in my belly. Yes indeed, I am a happy man. A sleepy, happy man. I'll see you on the dark side of the moon.
So I got my new motherboard installed and it has fixed all of my video problems. I was playing Half Life 2 last night at 1920x1440 resolution, with everything turned up all the way and 4x anti aliasing and it had no slowdown whatsoever. For any nerds out there, drool I say! DROOL!!!
Duuuuude. Pop Will Eat Itself reunited for 5 shows in England and they're gonna be releasing all the shows in a box set. Must have. This makes me happy. I certainly hope it leads to PWEI doing more. Must have MORE!!! Stupid Great Britain Pounds being nearly twice the value of the American dollar.
we won! afro that is... miss tol us the judges were having a hard time deciing if it was india or africa. i thought our rival was japan. we alo won the best props and costumes! bwahahahaha! all the money i spent was worth it.
Oh My God, Jamie McMurray's house is soooo beautiful, they just showed it on MTV Cribs. 4 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms, dinning room, kitchen, living room, and a gym. And it's all sitting on 75 acres of land that basically looks like a forest, along with a lake somewhere on the property.......yeah I could live there ;)
I am in love with the instrumental tracks from the  Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind  soundrack... I am also in love with the movie.
My mom payed me!!!! She's paying me for working there!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! *silence* AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!! !!!!!!!
there's nothing like spending the night with someone and waking up to realize that there's no doubt in your mind that you want to be with them as many hours of the day as you can manage. unexpected surprises.
so i was just a tiny bit sad about dropping eng. 11 because my teacher was sooo cool but now im taking this public debating class thats only ans hour once a week and i got the same teacher.
oh man... lots happenin... i went to gordon collage yesterday... they have a dedicated counter strike server on campus, so i am already there lol. i had an interview too, that went well i think. calvin went too, he wanted me to skip the classes i had signed up to sit in on heh. and i got my new apparel. good weekend. bye
i was chatting to my sister today on the way home (cause i got a lift with her to work) about how you progress onto management, and she said that she could see me being a store manager if i put my mind to it because i have a retail personality.  kewl bananas
so besides work yesterday (which wasnt all bad)... im having a pretty damn good weekend. I went over to bevs and we watched  Zoolander .  This morning.... all i have done is wake up at ten thirty do a little bit of work on my new car (it's not really new... it's a mazda 121L - but its bedda than no car)... and now i have a barbeque to go to with my family.  im feeling great... how about you?
so i just got back from getting my hair cut which turned out pretty good i guess... i only got it cut like an inch though... so yeahh thats always good i dont really have much to say but 16 days!!!!!!!!!!! yeahhhhhh so ok im gonna go much love to you all
H  a  p  p  y     B  i  r  t  h  d  a  y     A  r  t  e  m  i  s  4  4  !  !    Happy, Happy, Happy Birthday to you! Oi! Happy, Happy, Hope all your dreams come true! Ai! Happy, Happy, Happy Birthday to you! Oi! Happy, Happy, Hope all your dreams come true! Ai!  Whee!  Happy Birthday chica!!  Hope you have a great day today and for the rest of the year!!
Stock option check arrived today!  And there was much rejoicing.  And now to go deposit it and hit up Best Buy for a goodie or two.
Got the time off from Borders!   yay!   Still waiting on Booth.  Co-worker emailed me with update from my supervisor who is still trying to get coverage for my shift.   eep!   Hoping to get the time off from that as it's sorta key to the entire not having to rush gaming thing.  But...  I'm on vacation next week!  ^_^  This makes me happy!  ^_^
Great new piece of fan art by Victoria "Alejkhan" Rehfeld Smith of   JUMP  . (great comic) Here it is:  Alejkhan   More art Pinky TA  by Noelle Dreves of the SciFi spectacular  The Ballad Maker .
As a log of my poker:  17th out of 175 9th out of 200  Unfortunately not once did I have the hand pictured in my icon
4 teenagers get the whole house full of fatty, delishous foods to themselves ......what can go wrong?
I went on a double date tonight and it was fun. He is such a gentlemen.   I did a lot of driving today, it beats doing homework.  I'm applying for a waitressing job at the new Apple Bee's in Bonney Lake. If I get the job I know I'm going to miss a lot of people at my current job.
I JUST FINISHED MY ENGLISH PAPER.  I TOTALLY KICKED IT'S ASS.     This just proves I can -STILL- pull bullshit right out of my ass and make it sound  GOOD  .   Tom is pleased.  I am pleased.  Now, off to have dinner.  I SHALL BE ON LATER TONIGHT.  WHUUUUUT!!
And a good chat.  Stephen and I had a little heart to heart. We didn't really manage to work out why he's been so out of sorts lately, but I think everything will be all right!
I don't have a stress fracture!  Wahoo!  Instead, I have swollen tendons in my feet, resulting in the pain I keep on getting.  The doctor says I need to rest and maybe by next week, I can run again.  Until then, I can bike and lift some weights... yay, some sanity is restored!  And no more crutches!  :)
So I got bored and decided to change my LJ colors around from black/white to black/red/white I think it looks better like this.  There were two new Remembering Never songs released  http://www.ferretstyle.com/artist.php?a id=7  for anyone that doesn't know and likes them. The first one is blah the second one is really good. :)
Compassion: You are there to share your sympathy with others. People would consider you affectionate and caring, and someone to look up to.      Which Characteristic From the Samurai Code Matches You Best? (You may find out your best trait)     brought to you by  Quizilla
HAPPY BIRTHDAY       sharim   !     Hope you had a fantastic day!   Between you and me, I think February is the best month to have a birthday ;D
"Honestly!  You can tell whether or not they're Jewish since the fabric's so tight!" - anonymous Clare girl  Good times, my friends.
The show last night was hella rad.  Despite a few flubbed sections, I was totally happy with our set.  I'm also happy that we're offically getting more serious now, and are actually saving up money to put out an album and tour.
I AM 22% EMO!      Okay... so I'm not emo at all.. I am probably not even goth, because goths are just messed up emo kids... I am probably a metal head... or into boy bands...   Take the EMO test at Fuali.com
here i am...  sitting and talkin to pickle thinking i might as post. nothing amazing has happened, so there is no real reason to post... BUT I WILL ANYWAY DAMMIT!  that is all :P
http://movies.channel.aol.com/franc hise/exclusives/phantom.adp   ^_^   The first trailer for the Phantom of the Opera movie. It's not much, but still nice to watch. Can't wait for the movie! ^___^
Sometimes I absolutely love Saint Valentine's day.  I even, sometimes,  agree with  get along with my father.  It's almost hard to believe.
I'm high now...*hahhaahaha* Gotta tutprial at 10am later and another lecutre at 12pm! Oops! I;m soo dead!  Would update more later...
well it's 4:17a.m. and I'm up. The sounds of basslines and rhythm sections is all around, wafting up the valley from Port of Spain, St. Clair and Maraval. Insanity. Oh well gonna get back to doing my do :})        Earth  -  Sevenfortyseven
YAYYYYY!    Moonsis  bought me 3 books (author: jostein gaarder!) and a simpsons video from my  amazon-wishlist . :o))))))))))))  thank you sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooooooooo..... much!!! :)
I went to Dammon's and dropped off my first application I've ever filled out ( : almost exciting.  Haha!  You know what?  I love my life.  Lol, I don't know where that came from, but I do.  I wouldn't give it up for the world.  ( :
I am back, minus one 125ml cyst, plus one (more) piercing, with the best mood for the last six months, and much love for all of you. *hugs and kisses all around*
Congratulations to       tryptophan    for being accepted to MED SCHOOL!   that so rules.  you so rule!
Mark! Emma! Emmo! Lewis!   Simon may be coming on sunday!  I would like you all to meet him! Esp you buns! =P This may all come to nothing but we'll see! Keep sunday night free folks!!!!
Hey, Lee! I just checked my email for the first time this week (I've been busy!) and got your card. Thank you! It's so cute! And it's Yami Yugi! ^___^ Thank you again! *hugs*
life is treating me fair right now, i suppose. there isn't any drama, just living in the fast lane, and the high life. which makes everything a lot easier, well only for the moment. and for the drug living moment, my life is good. and then later on in life, 12 years from now, i'll either overdose or get hit by a semi. but either way, i'm happy. so im in love with my life right now. love,patty
lately my dreams have been leaving me dazed and confused. ;letting me learn that the things i own, end up owning me.  i guess you wont be coming home a martyr. wake me up.  love,patty
I am feeling alot better today in fact I COULD EAT A BLOODY HORSE in a manner of speaking im starving i think i might go and purchase some bikkits im allready eating ryvita like there going out of fashion oh and did I mention MY BABY SHOULD BE MOVING NEARER ON SATURDAY!!!!!
guess what i have a boyfriend!!!!!!!!! it is really cool and i like him heaps and heaps. the best part is we have passed the akward stage in the relationship we totally skipped it and went straight into the comfortable stage. it is really cool and there is not much else i can say except for yay
Oh oh oh oh Iiiii ... never realized what a kiss could be this could only happen to me can't you see? can't you see?  Ichabod the toad familiar gives me +2 to my constitution score.
I'm so happy that the sun is out!  I went to Einstien's for lunch and sat by a window and read a book and soaked up every last bit of sun I could get!!!  :)  Yes people, believe it or not I actually got out of the office for lunch!  Yipee!  Sun!
Even though it's chilly out - it's SPRING - finally!  Soon I can start taking my kitties outside after work.  Can't wait!  AND I can actually walk outside instead of mall walking!  Yipee!  :)
so today was cool. hung out at the mall and then went to a CBA show with heidi. there was this one band....uptown odessey *drool* they were amazing. i mean a school band being THAT good. wow.  heidi is so great too.   "to obtain, something of equal value must be lost."  no puedo esperar para verte lunes
And in the land of star crossed lovers and barren hearted wanderers forever lost in forsaken missives and satan's pull, we seek the unseekable. and we speak the unspeakable. Our hopes gathering dust to dust. In faith, in compassion, and in love
Pope John Paul the Second died today :-( he was a good leader   on a happier note   how bout them heels??????? comin back for a wonderful vicotry over MIchigan State yay!!  ok, its pasted my bedtime (not really)  Carolina Tarheels: You either love us or ya hate us! (stole from TIM)  leave some comments, i'd like it alot :-)
wow this a such a good day, haven't hardly did anything (expect take a test in civics) today in dance we did the bunny hop! it was sooo much fun =D then in civics we took the test then watch Blank Check and now in computer apps we're watchin Scooby Doo 2!  wow, i hope its a really good day in biology (crosses fingers) ok im gonna go watch the end of the movie....leave the love
wow, its a reallly  pretty &nbsp;day outside =D yup.....so i acutally had an exicitng weekend, let me tell ya about it...
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;  As it was Sunday, I overslept till 1 o'clock in the afternoon.&nbsp; It was very hard to get up in the cold morning. ~&gt; &lt; ~"&nbsp; Haa.. " Sleep is an important element of health"&nbsp; This is quite true.&nbsp;
What kind of disease  are  you?  hatake:        hatake is caused by Satan.              hatake will slowly turn infected subject into a dinosaur. To cure hatake, light self on fire.         Name?
I bought Splinter Cell 1 today and it is a lot better than I thought it would be.  In other news, the best site that       teh_tog    found it's:    http://webpages.charter.net/redempt ion/banana/    The origional is this:   http://www.cookiethievery.com/   recognise who's holding the phone?  IT IS THE CATCHIEST THING EVER!
Gay or Not Gay? by tashay17      LJ Name           Favorite Color           Gay or Not Gay?    As Straight as a Rod             Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen 3.0  !       What if the rod was crooked?
people may think i'm stupid.. but thats up to them..   i'm happy. and will continue to be happy until im not and then thats that.. if i fear pain then ill never have pleasure!  .. i am pretty much going out with eko again.. and it has been so different.. he is being incredible!  i hope u can think im stupid.. keep it to ureself and pretend to be ok with it  love! xoxo
New icon.  I was going to fix it a bit more, but the font I used isn't on this computer, so I didn't.  OMG HBP RELEASE DATE COMING SOON!  *must costume*  Also, I got my SAT scores today!  YAAY!  Anyone interested?  *looks around*  Well, I'm not going to wait until you are; y'all are lousy at commenting.  So!  Verbal: 690, Math: 760.  That's pretty good.  Better than last time at least.  Yay.  ^.^
har har.  I'm totally 'thank God for beef'ing pink-grapefruits layout. Yep. Bright colours and hot boys, that's what it's all about.
Have I mentioned lately that Constantine/Balthazar makes me hott? Cause yeah, it does.  Woke up to a txt from       princessrandom    about corn. I was half asleep and I found it absurdly amusing.   "I can take you to a real cornfield..."    People are already fighting over my My Little Pony paintings and I havn't even done them yet. It's disturbing.
Have I mentioned lately that I lovelovelove       princessrandom   ? seriously, sometimes I love her so much I want to cry &lt;3333  wow span, way to make yourself sound like a lesbian. I HAVE A BOYFRIEND !!!! . *stares at photo of her*  So now Im gonna do some OMGWTFLOLZHI2U TORZ AND SPAN PICTURE SPAMINIZE!!!!                      YAY!!!!
Stop complaining...i hate how everyone complains about how much life sux and all that crap on live journal. ISN'T ANYONE HAPPY ANYMORE?!
Well, I dont have much time to write now. I just wanted to say that I'm really back this time. I'm going to start writing again. I'll type more later after I get home from school. :)
this is great. I am suprised my mom took the news so well and now I am happy again I get to be true to my heart and not have to hid it anymore. This is the best thing ever to happen to me next to grad that is. Well I got to go peace
OMGoSh!!!!!  Im SO hyper!!! Finally went to el rodeo wit antonia an MAN 0 MAN was it fun!!! I felt like I was at a high school reunion I seen so many of my friends from south/rosie it was great. MaDD Fun!!  **cheesin**  Even tho I wasnt that good at dancin it was a blast!!! I think ima try to go to sleep but i doubt it Im so happy
MeRRy CHRiSTMaS            YAE!!!  Got a lih-o bit of snow!!  Hope you got everything you wished for **SMiLiNG**
it's me and Brian's 4 month anniversary..!! i'm happy.. but i want to see him now.. this sucks.. i miss him.. i still have over an hr until i can see him and i hate it soo much...
My first salary (well technically incorrect but this was the first time i worked and got paid) Rs 300 yeah paltry i know but it was for updating 3 company profiles for the company i work part time. And right now they put me for a Jan issue as industy monitor in agrochemicals and fertilizers wiht a deadline on the 5th and i will be paid Rs 2000 for it. Suddenly life seems so full
Well i tried all my sorces to get a ready made project.. yeah m a sucker at sometimes but then in the end i got bored of all that and i sat till 4 in the m orning and did the complete analysis of the companies. Now its not a gr8 report or anythin, but i am so happy n satisfied.
Happy birthday to       20_20retrospect   !  I also have to say that Mario Kart and Mario Party are great!
I'm home again!! Ireland was freaking FANTASTIC!!! so many stories which i hpopefully will post later. So happy right now!!!!
I got a house. I got a house. I got a house. I got a house. I got a house. *grins* Guess what??????? I got a house.  Finally it will just be Zach and I. I move in 2 weeks. Cant wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Need I say more?? XD              FCS F-16 with dark gray eyes and W-55 black hair. Pureskin long legged body, so tall compared to Dragan! ^_^ and painted really well by the great people at Volks.    Sooo cute! More pics soon ^_^
Sooo pretty!!!!   http://www.livejournal.com/users/spikym e/320057.html?view=3960633   Go see the prettiness! Now!
You are officially registered for IDND 30501 College Teaching.  The course will meet beginning Tuesday, May 3rd at 4pm in Jefferson Academic Center room JF222.   Yay! My one month before the write-off examination will not be entirely wasted :)
Finally, I have been waiting a long time for this day, I finally got a computer desk. It feels weird to be sitting at a desk at the right height instead of something that is like 30 inches to short. We went to bib's house today which was some fun and we got some fish for our fish tank. So much went on today, it was all fun though.
This was so funny:    Ah, I vudd suggester SWEDISH as jor langvedge to spiek.      What language are you supposed to speak?     brought to you by  Quizilla     ... beacause I am, in fact, swedish. I vudd suggester... we sound like THAT!? I'm so ashamed!  Och så gick jag hem och grät
Ok, well, got the results...   Cholesterol: 160...considering it started at 257, and they wanted it under 200, that's good.  "good" Cholesterol: 30.  They tend to want this up around 39, but still a good number..  Can't remember Triglycerides...  And, "bad" Cholesterol...90.  They tend to want this below 130.  So, all in all, am doing pretty damn good.  And now, am tired.  Need a nap.  :-)
Welcome, Charles, into the world.  (I'll refrain from calling you Bob or George for a good while)  Congrats to his mother and father...another child to warp for the next MANY years.  :-)
i just sat down and read everyones entries for the day.  to those happily in love: im kinda jealous! &gt;:P   to those lonely whiners/weiners: ehh, its not that bad.  look on the bright side: we have an extra $50 in our wallets. suckers!  on a somewhat unrelated note: i am 3 lbs away from my target weight with the help of the world of warcraft died... working out here i come!
Hello! I got things for people.  For my  mom : I hope you like  these . Mmm fun.  FOR  IDRIL  ;D;D;D : A  POSTER  AND  VODKA AND A JAR OF MONEY !! :D  For all my other family members: Um. MY LOVE :)
I got my best drop in lin2 today while i was hunting Ol Mahums with NastyElf. I got some nice Xp and she lvled up to 19
Take the quiz:  "Which Spongebob Squarepants character are you???"     Patrick Star  You live under a rock and have many adventures with your best friend. You are about as smart as a bag of rocks :)  *Grin*  Kim xx
I just took Jenn for her first ride in a convertible with the top down-she loved it. We had a nice dinner, stopped at Gerrity's, and came back; it was fun.   While we were riding around I realized that I need a 'top down' playlist; suggestions are more than welcome.
Gay or Not Gay? by tashay17      LJ Name           Favorite Color           Gay or Not Gay?    Gay... very gay             Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen 3.0  !
Live at the Horn. Oh My God.  Last night was the best night of my life. It was absolutely amazing. I don't even know where to start. So many talented people, so many awesome bands...there are no words. Thats about all I can say right now.
this one you can see the turtle on the iside pretty good    theres both    you can somewhat see the little one
Ok way too many people have been asking me what my tattoo means, mostly my family (lousy closed minded fools).
Not much to say really. Things have been good in my life (except for the whole me breaking my ribs..will the pain ever go away?!!!), I haven't really felt depressed in a while (maybe my meds are actually helping).
hehehe...iba na to...ewan...masaya lang ako ngayon...ewan ko ba bakit...hmm.. ang daming nagbabakasyon at nagouting ngayon..ako stuck dito sa bahay.. sa bagay pahinga kasi ang tagal ko ring nawala..hehehe  kachat ko ngayon ung mga taong namiss ko! hahaha...hmm..ang pasaway kong bata nagiinternet ako ngayon e inuutusan ako ng mommy ko..hehe...  cge na nga..mamaya na...wala naman akong masabi e..
At least this place is somewhere between Smallville & Metroplis. Usually if I need some crooks to stop, I'm usually in this town. Smallville is frozen in time from June 5 (the end of the school year of them.) to August 31. Unlike Smallville, Midville can keep both my idenity busy.  It's only 31 miles from Smalville.
I am getting married to       bregolas   !   I feel so excited and i am so glad my mum       earwen    is happy about it! It's just soooooo exciting!  Did i mention it's exciting?
happy birthday to my big sister       llamaface3dd   ! 23 today!  this is too damn cute.  and now i have the song stuck in my head.
It's really amazing how someones day can turn around so fast, and by one person. I'm not going to tell you all the gory details :) but you know who you are. You might not know what you did, but I know you know who you are. :-D
ok, some more photos... these were taken in Spain, Barcelona, where a cathedral that architect Gaudi designed is still under construction.
nagpunta akong glorietta kanina kasama ang aking ama, kuya, at bunsong kapatid. gusto ko sanang pumunta sa powerplant pero ok lang dahil...  1. fantabulous pants from topshop 2. green shirt and white buttoned shirt from topshop 3. 2 vintage tees from people are people.  yay. and if you're wondering... i HAVE studied.  medyo.  inam.
We're  home! &nbsp; Oh, it sounds so lovely, I think I shall say it again! Home home home home home!&nbsp; The house is decorated, the Christmas tree is up, and  no more Muggle-borns for weeks! &nbsp;
Merlin, it's been  ages  since I last updated, hasn't it?&nbsp; I apologize, truly--you all must have been so bereft by my absence!&nbsp; Really, if I'd realized it, I would have tried harder to remember to update.&nbsp;&nbsp;
On the way home I realized that I was listening to "Chicago at Night" by Spoon while driving in Chicago at night having just seen Spoon perform live at night in Chicago.  How meta.
I want everyone who reads this to ask me 3 questions, no more no less. Ask me anything you want. Then I want you to go to your journal, copy and paste this allowing your friends (including myself) to ask you anything.
"Try To Remember" Jerry Orbach [from The Fantasticks]  Is this song from a movie? If so, which movie. Because it sounds like something I've heard before in a movie... Maybe I'm thinking of something else. I dont know.
You scored as  Lust .        Lust             56%       Pride             50%       Gluttony             44%       Sloth             31%       Greed             25%       Wrath             12%       Envy             6%        Seven deadly sins   created with  QuizFarm.com    Lust.  Hmm.  Who'd have thought?
Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    Anime OST               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
Life is getting better and I want it to continue. I have my friends back now and I don't feel alone anymore. Also other parts of my life are getting better as well. This weekend is going extremely better than last weekend and thats a fact. Right now I am just burning off time until it's time to go out with my friends. Yea thats it for now.
LOVE    GUITAR    CENTER!!!!! Seriously, it's the best.  The guys are awesome, I &lt;3 them all. And it's fun.  I want more hours.   My job makes me happy.
Thanks to everyone who left me nice hugs and notes of sympathy! I'm happy to have good friends (see bouncing kitty icon). Every once in awhile I get depression waves but they pass within a few hours so don't think i go around mopey all the time, it just sometimes hits me.
Yay, I'm 21 now! :) Today's the big B'day. :) Yay for me. :) Ok, I'm gonna go shower now. Call me if you want to go to dinner tonite, 6:30pm Outback :)
ok, I know Alison posted, but I'll do it too!  we got our puppy thursday and she's soooo cute!!  you can check out a couple pics  here  and I'll be putting up some more soon!!
I  just talked to Stephen for about an hour or so. It was really nice. He should be coming here at the beginning of April. It's a shame he's not staying in Jax. I couldn't think of a better treat then to have one of my old best friends back.   I needa take my ass to bed!
Well, we just got back a few hours ago from the airport. Our new dog is so cute! We went shopping last night and got all the stuff that we needed for her. She's out in the living room right now with my dad. I'll take some pictures of her later and post them. I'm going to go and play some more with her now! Bye!
I received my grades today in the mail and I am SO happy!! I got an A in math for the first time ever... it is a miracle!! I just wish i wouldnt have got an A- in history, but oh well, a 3.95 is good enough for me :) yay!!
Kyle took me shopping yesterday so I would quit bitching about my missing thong.  He bought me two new pairs of the exact same kind.  Yay!  I have TWO pairs of favorite undies now!
well i did my marketing test and she goes only 8 ppl passed (we found out later that the test was out of 20 not 25 so more ppl passed)me and Roze went oh shit!! and thought that we wouldnt pass but we did.   however on a sadder note i missed out by 1.5 on getting 20!!! so i am pretty happy plus i passed my accounting test 8/10 :)
Another year gone by.  It has been fun and full of new beginnings.  I thank all who have helped me grow in the last year.  Most of all I want to thank       meresg    for everything she has done to and for me.    Enough of that,  I hope everyone has a great Samhein and I will see a lot of you tonight at Nation.  Blessed Be.  bob
Well, this time is going alot easier. There's plenty of jobs I can do out there for some reason, so I'm applying everywhere. Plus, I've still got enough money to entertain myself. So... uhh.. that's it. Go me. Oh, plus I just applied for a $13/hour job :D
My life is actually so fabulous that I can't believe it.  I love my life! Okay, there are some issues to deal with, like our roof.  But I have family, a place to live, proofreading experience. . .I just love my life.
New Years Eve was soo fun!   Me and Leila made the greatest Jello Shots! and cinnimon buns!  no one will ever beat me at beer pong!! I didnt get to play against Scott though, that will have to happen soon!
Well I went and set up a new wireless router downstairs so that I have a pristine connection for my laptop.  Now I can play  WoW  in front of the big tv and also on the tv that has the DVR box.  As well as sit near Sally while she sleeps on the couch waiting for us to head to bed.  I found a new desktop machine that I want.  But I'll go into that tomorrow cuz I'm off to level my  shaman  more.
Well I got some more work done yesterday and had a picture taken of it.  If you want to see it  click here
heyy....well today i woke up at like 9:30 to go to work..i scrunched my hair and it came out bad but whatever.....  Then i arrived at work at like 10:30 and did video....:)...i got to listen to my new cd....i brought it and it was good....thumbs up....  Then i went to BJ's [tHe SuPeRmArKeT] with my mom and then i went home...  Such a very eventful day!!!
I just got out of math class, it's like being released from purgatory, and to greet me as I exit the building I get slapped in the face by a warm wind. It's at least ten degrees warmer outside that in the math building.
Well I made it home alive so yay!! I'll be seeing most of you in the next couple days. Oh before I forget...Kim Deejay is having the party at my place on sunday so you should call my apt. phone. super well I am gonna go spend time with my mom!! ttfn
lol more kh sketches!! sadly no riku. =.= hehe just sora! ^___^             lol this is wat i can accomplish in 1. maths tuition. 2. Double english on a monday morning. ^^" very proud i didnt get catch ^__~
Happy New Year everyone!  i have to start packing... ehhhe.. i will get right on that later... i hope everyone from scad had a good break.. i will see you all tomorrow! yay!!
Whew, what a crazy couple of weeks it's been.  This won't be an actual update, but I figured I'd at least post something so you all know I'm still alive.
So, yesterday was Mod Day. Basically my club (ClubRSX) had a meet and it was for modifying your car and we had a huge BBQ. It was awesome.   This is a pic of me and my car. :o)
guess wha yal? 2morrow is homecomin!! Yah!!..it kame sooo fast!...mah dress is soo purdii!!!..i luv it!..lol...but anyways im about 2 go get mah nails done....man we get our reports on Nov.3!!reportcards kame soo quik man!..but anyways im bout 2 go so&nbsp;i holla!!
OMG I JUST MADE MY FIRST ICON EVERRRR~! I know it kinda stinks... BUT IT MY FIRST ONE! It's the one thats going on right now...PLC... It was the easiest thing I could think of... Maybe I should make a Metronome one :DDDD That'd be cool I should start one now.... If only I weren't so lazy XDDD naw... I'll start one.... OR MAYBE A RAB ONE OR MAYBE....*insert a long list of bands here*
Wow AR was a hoot! I got killed most of the time though. and no one i asked went. jeebus it was only 30 bucks the only thing that was like &gt;:o was when o-jiro came in and screamed in front of everyone. *sigh* well lexa and i were in anime fabulous and like there was a Die cosplayer and she was sooooo awesome! I'll put the link up later if i remember if not then i think lexa has em
Oh - and in other positive, good news.  My supervisor is seriously considering sending me to the Czech Republic to work for three months in the summer.  So I wouldn't have to live through another shocking Scottish summer. AND I would be in Eastern Europe, which everyone knows I'd love.
I think I finally got out of my icon making block.   Just comment telling me what you take!   Silent Hill girls +Bloodrayne!   2 Angela 4 Chynthia 1 Heather 5 Maria 2 Bloodrayne   1.  2.      3.  4.  5.  6.  7.  8.  9.  10.  11.  12.   13.  14.
Mostly FF, and one fox who thinks the world is stupid. -Tell me what you take. -Share.  1.  2.  3.  4. Cid is so hot O_O         5.  6.  7.  8.  9.  10.  11.  12.  13.  14.  15.  16.  17.  18.  19.   20.  21.  22.  -lyrics in #22 from "Greensleeves"
omg i am so happy YAY!!!  I'm going out with trey! going out with trey K.! yea yea i am going out with trey K, YAY!!!  sorry i just really like rhyming things plus im really happy!  so anyways.........lalalalalala im saporta bored but not really just hyper and very happy  hmm well i dont really have anything to write about so...bubye!  smooches!!! ::Emma::
how in the name of god do u pass 2 essays u did in a couple of days each when others were taking 6 months to do them???  ok granted the scores werent brilliant but i did enough :) now just one exam resit, one management assessment and a finished portfolio and ill hopefully be done :D
So we just got done watchin Emporor's new groove!!! yayayayayay! i love that movie it's too funny..... and jessie liked it also. WaHoooooo.....:0)
Just a quick thanks to  roz_morgan  for that lovely icon. It's absolutely sweet and  so  Pip *sigh*. Oh well, I hope to update my website sometime next week - I'll leave a note here when I do. We'll see!
yay, i got a new piccy :o)  oh, and me and       mathie    are on a 'wedding-data-gathering' mission at the moment so, if you havnt already, please tick some boxes at  http://www.livejournal.com/~mathie/2114 80.html    thankeeveymush :o)
Hello people, for those of you who dont also read       mathie   's journal, i would like to point you towards  http://www.livejournal.com/users/ma thie/208587.html  and say  'Come to our engagement party!'   Go on, you know you want to :o)
First new year in four years that I know that I can go on and live and kick some asses xDDDD  So, yeah, go me xDDD  And happy new year to all the people that deserves it xDDD  And hope you rot in hell to the ones that don't xDDDD  Wuff ya all xDDD
Got my original japanese Tamagotchi "plus" today! Now I'm not only feeding-slave of four dwarf mice, but also of a  very  demanding, digital person which I could only hardly understand... ;) Hm... just selecting every option and see what happens... :-P
I bought a new harddisc over about two week ago 'cause my old 45 GByte Western Digital started to make funny noises (ka-klonk! wheeheeeheeeeeeee .... ka-klonk! wheeheeeheeee...) - the secret sign of "I want to retire soon" :-/
I went to the Mountains TWICE this weekend.  Friday night (Saturday Morning) we went hiking in the DARK!!  The temperature was perfect.  The wind was blowing.  Didn't see any Kyotes!!  Then Saturday Night we went up on top of South Mountain to look out over the Valley - it was gorgeous.  I love the American Southwest!
"Hemi"    our new 7-wk old female Great Dane puppy...this dog will have a lot of love and a happy life!
http://www.urbanoutfitters.com/shop ping/product/detailmain.jsp?itemID=6202&itemType=PRODUCT&iMainCat=10&iSubCat=20&iProductID=6202
lovin' the bouncy chair!   hmmm...   "gee, mama's hair looks bad, but i'm so cute!"   posessed baby!   time for a little boobie juice!   special photo for you tom robbins fans!   who doesn't love daddy cuddles?   good morning! (first smile caught on camera!)
so i recently got a tattoo. perhaps i should break it gently to my aunt. don't want her going off ehr head on me- might put a damper on my social activities. an ankh with a dragon curled about it~ drawing from a while ago. didn't cost loads either.   however, now i'm stuck- the boy or his sister? be nice to pursue both but a bit made-for-trashy-romace-novel-ish
in case anyone needs to reach me by owl I am at my aunt's in machester. dredfully close to the stadium- been in three fights already. home sweet home now.  she's nice. artist. alright with school and all that. she's been trying to break me of the lighter though. Best of luck to her- she'll need it
I realy want to go to prom, and anthony asked me, to go as friends. I said yes, i already have a suite and everything. I also told tabby i would go to prom with her in may if she cant find anyone else. I kinda hope she doesent. :) (selfish thought. i know) Both of them would be friend dates, but it would realy be fun. I never thought i would get to go to prom, but now i do. Im so happy right now.
I just found out about the wonderful world of Roms. I now have Secret of mana 2, and Earth bound. I will soon have more. Yay.
Anthony Goldstein is the sweetest guy ever to exist- For the record.   Although his best friend appears to be mental.  Punching  a teacher?    Valentine's Day is just  lovely,  isn't it?
I love Fridays. Especially the day before a Hogsmeade day. They have such a delicious feeling of anticipation. I really enjoy spending time with my friends and just drinking Butterbeers and having fun. It's so... peaceful.
Okay, so I still haven't really figured out the ins and outs of a lot of lj stuff, but my previous post shows that I am attempting to expand my horizons. Bear with me... as I was so delicately reminded at auditions, I am old, and my brain sometimes has trouble wrapping around this sort of thing.
Hey Everyone! Lets see if i can keep up writing in this again :) :) because its really cool to look back on :) Woohoo its been awhile now since i have been here. i'm still with my boyfriend and hes ever such a sweety! i love him sooooo much! :) i'm all good. Working now which is excellent and i am loving it :) :) :D woohoo well anyways i'll write later ciao Love me *~Nicole~*
Oh, and for those who care (and haven't been shown all of them already anyway)  Kyle and Josh  is officially up and running.
i haven't written in a reallyyyyy long time, so i'm going to.&nbsp; i thought maybe i'd do a new list of things that make me happy.&nbsp; for this new school year, eh?
Went to H&R Block today.  I was there about three minutes - just long enough for the guy to tell me that I had done everything right.    Unbelievable.  He didn't even charge me, and it turns out I don't have to pay New York City taxes.  So I went shopping. :-)
I have a a gift for all my friend to see. Its huge though and not totally finished but i hope you all like it.  Yes LyteWings is finelly has time to do an Art dump.. of what I got.. :) Enjoy the  pic you all... :)  Link:     http://www.deviantart.com/deviation/447 9228/   Love, ~LyteWings~
i love break even though i haven't done anything fun. for those who don't know already (i've bitched about it a lot, i know i know) monday my mom and i painted the kitchen and tuesday we stenciled it...i had to prove my dad wrong cuz he didn't think we could do it. so i did it the best i could. it turned out quite lovely actually. i'll add some pics...
I am so proud of Bianca!  She asked a guy for his phone number!  Can you believe it?  My little Bianca.  *sniff*  I'll have to give her cookies for this.
Tee hee!!  I got a shoyru plushie in the mail and fanart of Timbre! ^____^ *bounces*  Thank you,       hitosyura   .  I appreciate them!!
my internet was down all this time stupid piece of crap and now it's working obviously.nothing more to say really so bye!!! oh.. by the way the pictures of Michael in your journal is really cute, alien.
I had a great birthday.&nbsp; Jen got me drunk at noon.&nbsp; Beer hits me amazingly harder than hard alcohol, especially if I don't have anything to eat and am denied water for the day.&nbsp;   I enjoy being 21.&nbsp; Now everyone I'm friends with should be 21 and all will be happy.&nbsp;
Katelyn got the pictures back that I wanted to develop! Whoo! Now I just need to take some more and then I'll start on make my collage posterboard. :-D This makes me extremely happy. Also contributing is the fact that it's 53 degrees outside today!!!  The only black dot is my outline I'm doing tomorrow. ICK
Hey well tomarrow's thursday and then no school! Done with exams-yay! going to Jace's at 6 for his b-day party and then have to babysit on friday. well thats about it. nothing to rant or rave about today-i kno what a shame- tudeles
A big "Thank you" to everyone who took me up on my "Concierge" challenge ; - )   I enjoyed reading your writing and learned something new about each of you : - )    See Andrea "grin a big contented grin"
I can wear scrunchies again!! My hair is long enough!!!  *digs out her BOX of scrunchies and places it as part of her getting-ready-for-the-day routine*
Thurs night.  Alamo @ lamar.  Duck soup and the soup peddler.  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm soup.         *smiles*          http://www.originalalamo.com/online _tix/show_details.asp?show_id=2438
One more load to take to goodwill this weekend.  Yay!  That's six loads we've taken if your keeping score.  And the dining room and living rooms are finally junk free.  I can actually *eat* at my dining table today.  WOW!  Haven't been able to do that in... in... since I don't remember when.  *smiles*  I'm a happy happy camper.  Okay... have to run load and take.  Yay!
Joslin Elementary School had an neat visitor friday for black history month.  92 year old Pinetop Perkins.  World reconized as -the- best blues piano player ever.  How cool is that.  Not only has Pinetop seen the entire evolution of blues and rock, but his style of boogie-woogie shaped and formed swing and then rock and roll.   http://www.blindpigrecords.com/arti sts/Perkins,+Pinetop.html
Yay!  I talked another friend into the dark side.  *snicker*  Christine now has an LJ       newbeginning73   .  She's going through a devorce and I thought this would be a good way for her to process her feelings, meet new friends, and all the other good things you can get from an LJ.    Now if I can just use mine a little more.  *smiles*
YES YES YES   I GOT A HAMSTER!! WOOHOOOOPIE~!!!          iTs A baby and SO SO SOOO CUTIE  HHEHEHEHEHE  tata4now
A friend is opening her new club next Saturday, May 22nd! The details:  Lila's 2220 NW Market (in Ballard) Doors open at 9pm, Saturday May 22nd Cover is only $5  I'll head up there from my house at around 9pm, let me know if you'd like to carpool.  (I'm sad I can't make a friend's BBQ that night, admittedly for other reasons...) :-(
Well.. just got back from the cinema (went straight from uni), saw  "After The Sunset" .  It's actually really good :)  Very funny in parts, plus Salma Hayek looks amazing (and they take advantage of this in so many shots).  Anyway, I recommend it..
"Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy."    --Guillaume Apollinaire (1880-1918)
its Wednesday. Yes it is - the middle of the working week. I am actually having a fairly good week so far - nothing horrible has happened and work is flowing nicely. I have actually been getting some sleep - real sleep. Its amazing what 6 hours sleep can do to perk you up. I am so inspired that I am going to go for a walk tonight and get some fresh air. Life is good i think
Valentines day eh Dont do valentines day.. thought wouldnt mind some sunflowers for my vase.... Work is going really well. Such a cool environment and i get paid tomorrow!! YAY!! Nerve wracking - have to go on the phones soon. But sure I will cope. Still hopelessly in love :o) ok then
1.  I meant all inclusive, not all expense paid, trip by the way.  Sorry about that mix up. 2.  Never thought I'd be doing the hava nagila with Michelle Maskell in Jamaica.  Back now.  Feeling much better.  Adventures galore.  Thanks for all the love.
TM Arwen is staying around for a while longer until the new game is up and running.  Still getting her out of the thrall of the ring - rescue plan apparently being formulated tonight.  She also reminded me that she has plans involving a certain rock guitarist and an Ithilien ranger, who are currently sleeping naked on the banks of a stream somewhere in TM land!
Ok... here's the update... it's not really blond so much as an almost natural blonde orangish gold. of course I have been know to be color blind from time to time so I guess you'll just have to take my word for the color until someone else says something about it...
If this isn't the close to high standard animation, at this point in time, I can't imagine how much further it can go (until of course better programs are developed, new concepts are born, etc, etc.)  Check out Low Morale's animated version of  Radiohead's Creep . (link courtesy of       starlighter   )  Love the song, love the animation... MAN! People have loads of time :p
I hope this wont screw up anyone's  nice layout!!     There is still so much snow here!!        The view just before I landed in Stockholm.       Ice Fishing!! This is on a river...a very frozen one    Sylvester's beard
This is too funny, and best of all, it's true! Apparently  monkeys will pay to watch monkey porn !  My favourite line is " The scientists actually had to pay these guys, in the form of extra juice, to get them to look at images of lower-ranking monkeys" .  As you can see, even science can be funny at times. Absoloutely brilliant.
...have u ever experienced having a HAPPY tongue...hmmm...it is my first time...happy tongue...makes me tingly and smily all the time...i feel so happy...
...sunday...woke up early and had breakfast...yeah my favourite soya bean curd...yummy...had the best lunch too...double yummy...
I got my other box, from CR's Crafts, today. Yay! :D  So now I can complete my fursuit. And I can make the skunk tail, too!  I'm gonna wander off and get a haircut now, gotta stop at Wal-Mart for some things, and then I'll be back to bury myself in a mound of fur. XD
A feel good quiz by   cerulean_dreams        your name is...           your eyes    make men shiver      your hair    radiates beauty      your smile    is wonderous      your body    is voluptuous      your hugs    are given to all who need them      your kiss    is enticing      your love    is forever               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
with all the 'graduate' classes moved back into the undergraduate field, i now have a 3.0 gpa!!!!!! i'm so happy! now if i could shake off this procrastination and senor-itis, i can get these papers written and be set to graduate in may with my destined 3.0!!
went down to surrey yesterday to watch matt race, he came 6th, was a good end to his season.  an hour on the turbo now.   boo!
Just a quick note to say that, while work may suck and foreign-owned businesses may be confusing as hell, it is awesome to have someone to compare notes with.       geogirl    rocks my socks.
First order of the day: Croissants. Anyone which to share?  Update 10:54: It's now snowing..... Brrrrrrrrrrrr
I was watcing the patriot....cool movie o.0; though I didn't watch all of it Xd I dunno why Mel Gibson Reminds me of Laguna Loire XD... nuff said XD
Yeash and I do Mean Mission Impossible four xD... I was jsut watching Mission Impossible 2 and I noticed somthing...that babe nayah...looks like Ada....come to think of the story for M:i-2 is kinda similar to RE games XD...*is a nut* she Does treat Ethan the way Ada would treat Leon..just...not as bad XD
and YES! I knewwww all that would happen in RE4! and that bitch Ada is back but this time Leon seems too angry wit hher to even try her again XD you go leon! or he better not....that dog!  and nothing else really..... XD
I had so much fun tonight:)  So, our knight was hot.  He had JG hair!!  (man this obsession is going overboard)  He was kind of a mix between Josh and Orlando Bloom... mmm:)  I went with Dave & his family for his grandfather's and brother's birthdays.  They both got knighted.  Really cute:)  But I'm tired and I have to get up in 4 hours to work... so I must go to bed now.
Mmmmm, yesterday consisted of a lovely afternoon of picnicing with my favorite orc.   The weather was glorious, the sunshine was bright, and I have an all over healthy glow :) Next time we'll bring towels and go swimming in the Llano river. Next time we'll bring sunscreen too.
My sweet orc sends me nice things!  Now I have an inspiration to clean out my "in" box and open the mail :)  And despite what some people say, my "in" box is NOT scarier than flesh eating zombies, well not too much scarier.
My Dear Friends, on my way to Thailand I feel excitement and curiosity. The bag is ready. My friend is picking me up in 15 minutes, and thousend ideas are spinning in my head of how and when i forgot something.   I'll keep you all updated of how I feel and live in the land of Temples.   Kat'
I KNEW IT!!! I KNEW Trish was the stalker on The Bachelor. She's a vindictive bitch too! I can't wait to see next week's show for real!! This should be   really   interesting to see!
Finally it is Friday. It seemed like it took forever to get here! The day has started off well, as my trainer brought us Krispy Kreme doughnuts! YAY! Those things are my weakness. YUMMMMMY!
Well my mood didn't change so I feel really OK. Today I am going to the metal club to celebrate my old friend 29th birthday. Probably we will have a lot of fun, so I have to be careful. Last time I was there I hammered myself a bit with Zubrowka. I shouldn't drink it, it doesn't work ok with my body.  And I think that's all for today. I think&nbsp;I will have more tomorrow ;-) Ciao
As everyone and their dog knows by this point, the  SJFA &nbsp;results are out. Thanks to everyone who voted for me and congrats to everyone else who won.
Dyed my hair in SuperGroup-colours... Then they changed the colours :( NO, I'm not gonna dye my hair red and yellow...!!!               Hope you like it :) I do!!!
Happy birthday       corporealdreamr   . Sorry for being so late in the day. I hope you get lots of JC and such.
Merr Christmas to everyone, I hope you all are having a great time. Also Happy birthday to a dear friend of mine Jason (Pharrit). Wish u were down here to celebrate, but I understand. Hope u have a great time either way.
Whoo, I really love Christmas.  Happy Boxing Day! :)!  I think I'll have to do some heavy-duty dustbusting to get my suit prepared for tonight.  It's been out of commission for so long...
Wow...that was amazing. :)   For y'all who didn't know, I was off at flight training, specializing in stealth jets. It was real amazing, and educational...plus I had so much fun!  But I missed everyone and I'm extra-glad to be back.  So!  Now I have to spend all my time catching up. ;)  I brought back some presents for y'all, too.  So come see me if you want a little something.
$tail -n2 DOOMCom\ board   xavid is   enjoying the inevitable   pmaceves is   no longer denying the inevitable   Some of you should know what that means...  P.S. It's rather sad when you date someone for four months before either of you notices...
I'm staying in Luca for a few days before I go to Planet.   Don't worry Cloud, it's not that I'm getting cold feet about travelling. Honest.
The Akihabara dress is finished.  I'm wearing it as I type. :)  For those of you who would like to see it in person, I'll be at the Highlander tonight around nine.
Quotes from History:  -Vickie K: Maybe we could go to Hollywood for extra credit?  Quinn: ... There's so much wrong with that question, I can't even start.  -"How can you not have fun saying 'zoot suit'?" -Chris  -"See, if you had your hair long you could let it out now and just scream." -Daymond  -"Wad that really loud, why don't you!" -Quinn to Vickie K as she wadded up something.
Tiptoe through the window By the window, that is where I'll be Come tiptoe through the tulips with me  Oh, tiptoe from the garden By the garden of the willow tree And tiptoe through the tulips with me  Knee deep in flowers we'll stray We'll keep the showers away And if I kiss you in the garden, in the moonlight Will you pardon me? And tiptoe through the tulips with me
..................... Got my desk. It rocks. Built my computer. It rocks. Have to return the video card. That sucks. But should have no problems getting a replacement. That's cool. Gotta get back to work. .......................
Just letting y'all know i'm still alive and well. :) I'm sorry for not being on LJ much lately, its just that i've been busy with assignments and stuff, eww. Anyway, gotta run, but hope all is going well with everyone. :)
HAPPY VALENTINE's DAY EVERYONE!!! GUESS WHAT I AM 21 NOW!!!! YEAH - HAD A FUN NIGHT WENT TO HARRAH'S AND HAD SOME DRINKS AND PLAYED THE SLOTS!!! FREAKING AWESOME!!! YAY!! I AM 21!!!!!  ALRIGHT THAT'S ALL I AM GOING TO BED!!!!   LATERS, ~TRAV~
Hey Everyone,  Guess What? I got into Jefferson College's Veterinary Technology Program! I recived the e-mail yeseriday stated that I was just accepted!!! I am so happy!   G2G Travis
so i went to new york it was awesome, but if you want detail ask me in real time where we can respond to each other.
After all the hype about my kitten back in May, I realised that I haven't posted any kitty pictures.  Bryson is now about 6 months old and all cat now...        Predator    A lovely one of Bryson    And the man himself!   Aren't they cute :)
Just found out today that the SGA has finally approved a Japanese Minor up here! Which means I can actually get my minor here without going somehwere else or doing too much overseas study. They implement the minor starting next fall, so I hope some good history courses are added too.
The pumpkinator is so cool.....last week he picked out his own outfit to wear to school by telling me "pukin shirt" and "punkin pants" in response to my trying to put him in blue jeans and a shirt with Pooh on it.  Today he asked for a snack by saying "moon nuts" to ask for cashews.  I love that boy.
Frustration       In stark contrast to an earlier  post , I wish that I could just shut my brain off, now.  Funny, isn't it?
If you read this, even if I don't speak to you often, you must post a memory of me. It can be anything you want, it can be good or bad -- just so long as it happened. Then post this to your journal. See what people remember about you.  The power of Christ compels you!
Happiness. I just got back from the orthodontist's and I am now a pair of braces the fewer. I &lt;3 how my teeth look right now.  Happy 18th, Kathy! Ya non-minor you. ;)
I am happy!  Jason and Bethany just came over and brought Zoe; so i got to hang out with my neice for a while.  She is soooo beautiful!  I have a pic of her on my website  http://www.hanavi.net .  I seriously need to get more!  Its funny how something so simple as seeing such a beautiful baby could make someone feel so warm and tingley-ish...
So just got back from a great evening with Ray of course. GO SEE Sin City!!! That movie fucking rocks!!! Fucking kick ass movie. Go see it is all I can say. Later hoes.
Yeah we're having a damn good time here in amishland. Had some shoo fly pie last night-NIRVANA it was. Did some shopping and chilling with the boys. Saw a few movies. I am beginning to get sick. Got a sore throat/cough/headache. Fun shit. Who knows what we're doing today. Later bitches.
Hello Livejournal. I am in the White Lion in Clifton, Dave has brought his laptop and we are chilling out, on leather sofas and drinking tea. Yay. And loans are in. Let me repeat that. LOANS ARE IN THE BANK MOTHERFUCKERS!!!!!!11111one! Yes. Anyway. More tea. Yay!
Going home(Inkollu, Prakasam dt, AP) for 10 days. Its a nice feeling going there, happy me. See you all after a week or two. Have fun!!
Napoleon Dyanamite (Please rate my quiz)      Which Napoleon Dynamite character are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla     So proud.  And I just bought a crapton of good groceries.  Fantabulous.  Andy
you all  must must must  see  finding neverland .  and, isn't it pretty outside?  it is here, must be in the upper 50s.  today?  today was a super day ;)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    political science is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
I'm 25 today. I've spent my birthday working in the dirt and dust.  Don't feel bad for me, I want to make some money. I'm very blown away on how wonderful my life is. I want to thank you, my friends for making it so.     BTW I don't actually have a computer at my home right now that I can use, so if you happen to have an extra one you are not currently using...
Dear friends of mine, Thank you for coming! I love you! That was my best birthday  ever !  Longer post hopefully to be made in a bit. P.S. Say hello to       jolie_rouge   !  (I think he likes me.)
I work next to a porn store, I've driven an hour without seeing a street light, and I've handed out enough business cards to choke some small woodland creatures.  This is gonna be the best career EVER!
so i just got back from the last juniors show of the year.  It was really good i am really glad i decided to help with juniors.  the gym was hella hot but the show was very cute.  these kids dont know what they are doing its great!  also tonight is a circus family dinner and the "7th grade dance" party later.  tomorrow i set up the gym for many many long times.  i feel the love mmmmm squishy!
Today my mummy has bought me:  * Two pairs of pink stripy socks * A Black lacy ra-ra skirt * A silver dreamcatcher * Guns 'n' Roses on tape  * A hammer horror flick  * Make-up * A pretty candlestick  I love it when it's my birfday. *g*  And it's not even for another two days! Bonus!
That was one of the most incredible road trips ever!  I've got &gt;2000 photos from the past few days to go through. I'll have another entry up complete with photos and all.  Coming soon: shots of and inside military aircraft parasailing beautiful sunsets beaches
OK I have made another new journal, but this was made for a specific reason. Explanation at the journal,       mastermeriadoc   . Anyway...that is all, take care everyone!!
I took my Rav4 in to have a transmission service, and oil job and a tire rotation!  She should be good for awhile.  Actually the service on the transmission was an early birthday present (1/14 for those wondering)....I am very appreciative for it. :)
We're goign to Bertucci's for dinner.  YUM-MY!!!  (much more to write about, may have to wait until tomorrow)
sausville    and I did  this  (the first one listed under "Regular Trips") today. We are very exhausted and slightly sunburned now, but we had a terrific time. I walked all the way out on the bowsprit while we were sailing back to Willemstad!
YAY!!!! It's been a WHOLE year since I first placed my craziness in here. ^^ Well, actually, it shoulda been on the 3rd that I shoulda updated this x,x
Ok, go join       iconsaurus    NOW. She made my personalized default icon plus a bunch of others that I snagged today.
Turns out I got an awesome deal for the Google bag !  Damn happy ! ;-)  Some more later !&trade;  -nerdy
Herez wishing       louiswu   ,       mesgollum    &       astra1111    A very happy birthday ! :-)  -nerdy  PS: As usual thanx to       teemus    for the  pointer  !  Also,  there is every chance of three different cakes ! ;-)
I love YohjixSchu fics, omg.  I love that       wk_recomend    posted such a nice long list of them on       schuldigxyohji   .  Gives me something to read while I'm sitting at home sick.  &lt;3 &lt;3
Howard Dean and Democratic Senatorial Canditate For Florida,Betty Castor    Betty Blog           A man waits for the arrival  of U.S. Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry  at a rally in Columbus, Ohio, October 28, 2004.  There is less than one week remaining in the 2004 presidential campaign.  REUTERS/Jim Young US ELECTION
Well, about a week ago there was soo much drama about Easter..  Who is not going to come who hates who Bullshit, total bullshit.  Now it seems that everything has worked it self out and everyone is getting a long for once in my life.  Sometimes I think I am more grown up then the older generation.  Just because they are older doesn't make them right!
Hey guys isn't this funny the kind of Kiss I am considering the obvious! Lol!   I'd also like to thank Abby for finding these awesome quizes!  :)   Take the quiz:  "What Kinda Kiss R U?"     Romantic Kiss  Lying in bed after making love and just doing whatever.
I can see  clearly now the rain is gone.... *laughs* It's so cool. I'm not at 100% yet. But I can see SO much better already. I type up more later. I'm still kinda light sensitive and staring at the moniter is hard.
Merry Christmas, all!  I'll be offline for a few, then hopefully have some more pictures/etc. to post next week.  Take care, all.  Safe and happy travels!
well last night (monkeys birthday) was both strange and brilliant!   seeing everyone properly was nice as i havent been out properly in AGES!!  some interesting revelations..  overall i was veryimpressed at how much fun i had and might just stop being an old woman soon and start living a little ... maybe anyway.  love you all. tabby xxxx
Until further notice, celebrate everything.   *bounces* I have my roomie back and a boy that I love.  What more can a girl ask for?
sittin here in evan's room..I was thinking of updatin on apple cup as i hear hard core parties goin on greek row in celebration of our victory on beating the HUSKIES....this year we get the APPLE CUP...woo hoo...final score  WSU: 28  UW: 25  WE WON APPLE CUP....wooo hooo....GO COUGS...sorry HUSKIES....kekeekeke
I had some problems with modem and now I have to use my notebook. But it's not good, I'm afraid for virus. Yesterday however I chatted a lot with       karyn_karyn   &nbsp;and it was very nice. Thank you  Karin!  I'm happy that now I can be your new pal.
I know I go on about it a lot and you're all probably sick of hearing it, but...  OH MY  GOD  I'M IN LOVE.  There. I'm done. :)
Wow this spring break has been the best ever, even though it is the last as far as highschool goes. My mind has felt so clear. I walked into Waffle House alone with a book and four hours later walked out leaving all of my anxiety and worry and it has not been back since. I am so fortunate in every aspect of my life really. oh and Happy Rooster Fest was rockin!
kate's eye is all swollen and pink. it's cute and funy at the same time. i smile when i look at her and she knows it's cause im staring at her puffy eye. hahahahhahaha.   i should have more simpathy but i don't. she made fun of my crappy, chocolate chip cookies and now i can laugh at her eye. payback time. never mess with cookie karma-     it'll get ya!
motion city rocked out amazingly well. get-up kids had a blast. thrice put on a good, solid show. dashboard played some "positive" tear-y cry-y music.
In case you didn't know, Air America Radio is now on the radio here in the Bay Area. You can hear it on 960 AM-"The Quake-Shaking up the Bay Area". Janeane Garofalo has a show on there as well as Al. One of the producers of the Daily Show has one too. Hope you get AM!
~Erato~ Yours is Erato, the Lovely, the muse of Love Poetry.  She is the female counterpart to Eros. Her symbol is the lyre.  You are most likely a true-born romantic, and are looking for a prince to ride off into the sunset with...      Which of the Nine Muses is your muse?     brought to you by  Quizilla
come to think of it, it should be my Papa God song .. :) fits so perfectly well... :D  i love you, dear God. :) life's almost perfect. :)
In "Dreams Alive" Spring 2005 online magazine my "Celebrate Gaia" @  http://www.dreamsalivemagazine.com/spri ng2005/poems/index.html  and my Savvy's Thoughts "Universal Love" column piece @  http://www.dreamsalivemagazine.com/spri ng2005/savvy/index.html  along with my "Psychedelic Love" drawing   was published...  - live love laugh - Savannah Skye...
My "Expectations" poem is published along with Francill Hill's "Supine" photo of me in Sauce*Box Spring 2005 edition...  Check it out at  http://www.guillermobosch.com/sauce box/sb_archives/sb34/sb_34.html    - cheers - Savannah Skye...
Yo' yo'. Last night was Sandi and my one year anniversary. We ate at China Jade, got our piercings, and wanted to catch a movie, but ended up not, due to time. She got a 6g in her conche, and I got my bridge done. They both came out really well I think. But I'm off for now, to go to school, so later sucka mc.
You are so a TED Allen: The Food and Wine Connoisseur, Go work in that kitchen, boo ya!      What Fab 5 member from Queer Eye for the Straight Guy are you?(with pics)     brought to you by  Quizilla    He's my favorite too!  I actually played golf today, a whole friggin' 9 holes. Amazing.
Well, I missed it by a couple of minutes, but it was Pi Day yesterday (March 14).  I had a great time today with the Mass in Time of War performance.  I think it went really well.  Unfortunately, I'm really tired now so I'm not going to write much.  Coming up is my last full day of classes.  Then, I start finals.  Huzzah!
Today was lovely.  It was a sweet day, filled with sweet people and pretty parks.   It was filled with conversations with people long neglected. And a free t-shirt.  And, and, and...wow. What a day. Im one happy camper. A smiling happy little camper!!   YAY for green real grass!
My Best Friend   is       calypso_love        Our 14 common interests are:  acting, american idol, bubble baths, chocolate, christina aguilera, concerts, cookies, dancing, eyelashes, fransesca lia block, inside jokes, memories, pillows, sixteen candles    Who is your best friend?  Username:         Created by       macoto          aww carrrllaaaa. i knew it would be you! ;) xo.
Ok, this is more like shameless pimping...  I've created a community called       cats_icontest   , so if you like cats and you like icons, please join!!!
So, back in michigan.    After a week of just chilling and playing ping pong with my dad and showing neha and neeta california and not sleeping...  And actually pre-partying and clubbing and dancing with John (and no sleeping) last night...  off to homework, bleh.  *sigh* oh the college memories  :-D
so ya, tongiht concluded the 2 best nights of my current life, ya, the show was so fucking amazing, and sam and i had an awesome time, wow, she rocks, the show rocks, slipknot rocks, learned that lamb of god rocks, shadows fall... eh, a little lame. the bled, i liked a little, but everyone else hated, oh well. omg, awesome.
even though I know for almost 100% fact that she'll never ever read this, congrats to my sister Alison. She took her LSW test this morning and passed, so she's now a liscenced social worker.  and no, I wont be seing her for treatment ;)
If we were to meet under the mistletoe, would you kiss me?  - YES - MAYBE - NO WAY  And, how? Long, short, just a peck? Where? Lips? Cheek?  I need more info than the original meme provided. ((grin))  Copy and repost, if you like. Pass on the meme-love.  I love you!! Sera
I rolled face tonight. it was so fun. u should all come join me, i love everyone! even Luke who is gonna make an attempt to call me sumthing that offends me. lol good luck.  Im in an excellant mood. miss people though. wish i was still at Bryans. but he got really drunk and i took care of him :)   work in 5 hours. yippee.
Happy Valentines Day!!!!!Hope everyone one had a good one.I did and something else happened to i finally got my braces off no more yayyayayayyaya
this will always be my favorite picture.         upcoming shows.  saves the day hellfest chicago warped tour skate fest detroit warped tour maybe ccr
i've been so happy this past week because i've had 6 days off of work and 4 concerts and no school tomorrow. :) plus, it is nice outside.   + spring the academy california in 2 weeks maybe getting a new job hanging out with friends going to toledo this weekend almost graduating high school  - not seeing mike a lot because of baseball being at home  ...///
thank you for buying dinner for baby thank you for making coffee for baby thank you for making the bed for baby thank you for buying breakfast for baby thank you for making my day....  thank you for making me part of your life..........
Another quiz... cos I am totally off for 3 days  :P.....           Which flock do you follow?   this quiz was made by  alanna
So, it's election day.  I'm trying not to get all worked up about this. I wish I didn't have to care but I do. If the Shrub gets re-elected I'll cry and cry and cry some more.  There's a Daily Show special hour long thingie on at 10 est. I'm quite excited. And John Stewart is a sexy old guy :P  I'm going to go eat food.  Oh, yeah, and I'm 21! :)
Dinner with me, or most meals for that matter, usually now involves a show. The next few months should be interesting when random ppl sit at a table that we are at.
College just got much better.  "Myth: D.K. Lieu is an asshole  Reality: D.K. Lieu is an asshole"  LOL. Best closing to a class ever.  And I also have my first fencing lesson/practice in 5 hours. All is well.
Woo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!! Havent sunk yet!!!!!! Woo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!
wow.  i had unexpected visitors yesterday!  from melbourne!  they just rocked up at night, unannounced.  how cool's that?  i love my friends!  thanks to       unsworn_nomore    and       strepsil    for making my day :)
hey all,  sorry for not posting this earlier but hey, i've been busy.  there is a party at my place (email me for address if you need it) on saturday.  what: my 2nd 30th party (well, since there were two parties, this one is       actually my 15th :) theme: 1987 - the year i turned 15. when: sat 14th, anytime after 7pm where: my place
man its been a while since i updated well nutting really i can say but i up in a application in wal-mart at 2AM and they called me today and said to come friday at 9 AM so i guess i got the job
Your Love Situation by Amberishjewel      Username?           Your Love Is...    Gentle      During Lovemaking You Act...    Like a child, always playing      Your Partner Is...    Your master      Your Partner Has Said That You...    Are a good listener      Your Love is Summed Up In A Quote.    "You deserve a bed of roses"             Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen  !
Ok, so the whole running up and down mountains for the past 3 months has really helped the endurance. I love MN in the late summer/early fall!
I happy, because today I woke up with The Blue Nile's "Because of Toledo" in my head. More words than I thought I new, which is great because it means the new album is Very Good. It's official - my mind says so!
If you read this, even if I don't speak to you often, you must post a memory of me. It can be anything you want, it can be good or bad, just so long as it happened. Then post this to your journal. See what people remember about you...  (this even counts for those who I know read this, even though you think I don't and wouldn't want me to know)
I think bOINGbOING blogs this every year, but it never stops being awesome:  It's the  World Beard and Mustache Champoinship !   http://www.worldbeardchampionships.com/
I just wanted to say Merry Christams to you and Yours! Today is going to be a verey busy and happy day!
Happy 20th birthday to my beautiful best friend Shauna who deserves the bestest birthday in the whole world!!!
February&nbsp;18–27 Southwestern University Theatre Department Presents...   H  A  I  R    Rick Roemer, director 18, 19, 25, 26 @ 8pm 20, 27 @ 3pm 24 @ 7pm Jesse and Mary Gibbs Jones Theater
On Monday, I drove to Lampasas. Lampasas is about an hour and a half north of Austin on 183, and an hour and a half south of Brownwood on 183. It was in Lampasas that I had arranged to rendezvous with Neal Mann, my friend from Southwestern. We had a picnic, visited the courthouse and went "antiquing." It was my small-town-adventure-day.
Silver dollar eucalyptus.  I found these at Whole Foods.  I tried to grow one of the plants last year but it died.  I'd like to plant one outside.
To explain my post from last night, I don't have any major crisis in my life or anything, I was just in one of those moods where I think about things too much and get kinda upset.  Nothing bad at all, because today I'm in a great mood.    It's been a really good afternoon... and I'll leave it at that.
I gotta go soon, so I'll let my elation out now.  I BEAT MaxX Unlimited!  Not only that, I BEAT The Legend of Max!!!  Harharhar elation over.  Off camping, sorry o single person who reads this!  ~Kenchan
I'm in an inexplicably good mood (a nice change from my main mood of the past days, which has been anger/ annoyance/ stress).  My comp is sort of working, at least it's being less annoying.  Also, my bro is home, which is cool.    -G
You are VINCENT. Remember to clean the cobwebs off your coffin once in a while- first impressions are lasting!      What Final Fantasy VII character are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla    In other news, I want to see Becky. :(
An update:  Occidental - Accepted Vassar - Waitlisted  And from before:  Sarah Lawrence - Accepted Northwestern - Waitlisted  Yay! Will continue to update. Now I've got other big things to do today.
The first word is in:  Sarah Lawrence - Accepted Northwestern - Waitlisted  Just glad to finally hear from somewhere. Feel good overall.  More to come in the next couple of days...
... he is&nbsp; so perfect! His movie, "The motorcycle Diaries",&nbsp; just came out and I can't wait to see it!
I've been looking through LJ archives and found this game: www.nationstates.net  My country, still not developed:  http://www.nationstates.net/cgi-bin/ind ex.cgi/target=display_nation/nation=dakr amia   Looking for people that would like to play aswell :&gt; just comment
Today was not so bad... I finally DJed online again... from about 1AM to 3AM :) But I still can't reach a certain webpage... and it's kinda interactive so I can't just go to a proxy and fetch it from the cache :\
Okay, I thought this was a scam at first, but it really is legit.  All you have to do is sign-up, complete one offer and that's it!  The offers are free.  You don't need to pay anything.  It's really easy.  I've been wanting an iPod for a long time....so if you sign up using my link, I will love you forever or bake you cookies!     Get a free iPod...and help me get one too!!    Thanks everyone!
I want to send wonderful birthday wishes to       matchgirl    and       coolerbythelake   !!  I hope you both have excellent days (and weekends)!!  And you are both my two LJ friends that I have met in person.  Yay!    It is also my grandma's birthday.  I can't remember if she's 84 or 85.  So happy birthday Grandma!
I just have to say that I had an AMAZING weekend.  Thanks to everyone who helped to make it that way!  I seriously had the best time.
Well according to Rachael I took all the blankets last night while we were sleeping...   I do not know what she was complaining about I was nice and warm....
Well I took Rachael to meet my parents last night.  For most it would be just a usual meeting but last night was also my mother b-day dinner so it was exta special and kinda extra stressful.  My parents really like Rachael, I even think mom thinks she is perfect for me.    It is always nice to know that the person who has won your heart that you friends and family like them as well...   Tim
I was talking with one of the guys I worked with and we were just BSing and I said..  "If I wake up where I expect to wake up then I will bring in donuts tomorrow"    Who knows where  my mind was when I said that.... probably somewhere around falling asleep in somone's arms and not caring if it was her place or mine.
yay, my friend Fried_Octopus drew me a picture of reiko :D   http://damnsuits.pyoko.org/pyokostuff/r eikoish.jpg    i drew his character ulaki a few days ago, i'm so glad he liked it :D  the pic of reiko came out so great :)
whoo, i'm updating from my first multimedia class, we spent the class learning to use photoshop and stuff, it's fun, we're doing 2D animation next, whee i'm a little tired, but i should be ok once i have some caffiene :D
yay, i signed up to the course, and i got my watch back, and i bought 3 CDs, and mum bought me a bottle of coke
hooray, i actually did a drawing, it came out ok, i messed it up a little, but it was just a quick sketch, so i'm not too unhappy :) i need to write down all of the background stuff i've thought up, it's all in my head, and since i'm such a bad writer, it's hard to get into a written format :( oh well, i'll get it somehow :)
Wishing everyone the best New Years!!!! Kisses, Celeste Marie  http://www.CelesteMarie.com   http://groups.yahoo.com/group/CelesteMa rieOfficialClub
Lets see whats new . . .  well to day me and natty descovered that we are wast about 7,200 Min. of our life in french . . . that really makes you look down on life. nothin new really happened. . . oh i figured out how to put a picture of my puppy as my icon thing . ..  yup . . ..  thats about it so i'm gunna stop writing
Some DUDE found my bag!!!!!!!!! omg today was A LOT better!!!!!! no one has ANY IDEA HOW MUCH BETTER!!! ;)
so i havent posted in a while. oh well. heres a picture of me all hooked up to my owners speakers using a special cable.
Woo Hoo!  I have more time :)  Yea!  I thought that my class ended this week, it ends at the end of the month... and I'm ahead of schedule :)
Hi, Daniel.    If you want an interview, then I can probably answer any list of  questions you have provided there aren't too many.  If you want to get  responses from Take/Yasu, or K.K, Fujitake, etc., I'd have to ask them,  and then translate their answers.  - Aaron
Friday, March 11, 2005, about 8ish p.m., my house, lots of fun munchies and drinkies, yes ?????????????  Y'all are all welcome!!!!!  (You must particularly thank       tanyad    and       pinkfluffyjumpr    for this, as well as       0595    who has already promised to bring chips and salsa!!)
Congratulations! You are Gabrielle Solis, the ex-model with everything she's every wanted  a rich husband, a big house  and John, the 17-year-old gardener.      Which Desperate Housewife are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
Ren and I just got back from the airport, all went reasonably well! She's fine and, although tired, not nearly as much so as we expected.  Yay! :D
I went to westside, filmed scott, cause hecouldnt land hes fakie frontside flip, and then pissed him off, he broke his board, came back, and im at wendi's , the best part,............. cool ahhhh, i dunno. bye
Take the quiz:  "What Kinda Kiss R U?"     Tender Kiss  The tender kiss is the feeling where you can be anywhere and show your feelings.   Awww isnt that the cutest..maybe oneday ill find that guy to have this exact moment with..:)
Look at this sexy guy        o yeahhhhhhhhhhh Grimace!     word grimace, word        Look out Jeff, Grimace is stealing your lady!        Brittany showed up, that was a nice surprise     this picture is kind of freaky     X marks the spot      GOD?        Choking Hazard?     Mr. Miller!     Peace Grimace!
Ok, after careful thought and consideration I have decided I'm going to the Ball after all. It seems silly not to go, and also my mum bribed me by sending me this          If there's anybody still looking for a partner and wants to go with me then please feel free to ask, otherwise I intend to go stag and have a great time.
Dave and I were lying in front of the fire playing a game of chess. I lost abysmally -_-;; I must have only destroyed about three pawns and his knight. I only ended up with my king and a pawn!!!! The pile of my pieces just grew and grew!  *giggles* it was nice anyway *kisses D*   ~Emma
Happy Birthday Renee!     *hugs* Hope you have a wonderful day filled with friends and family. I'm glad to know an incredibly nice, loving, caring, and friendly person like you. Hope you have a great day and year ahead! Much love and *schnomps*
Woo, June really is a month full of birthdays!      Happy Birthday       zorb   ! *schnomps*      You're 21 and legal! Yay! Don't party too hard. ;) Anyway, sending out best birthday greetings to a terrific person I'm very happy to know. May you have a great year ahead. As for today, have a blast!
tony bennett's music is some kind of perfection. photographs of amsterdam canels and the chicago river. a lyrical gem from alanis morissette. gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous.
Since this is my last evening at home before the Christmas holiday, I think it’s time to wish you all a very, very…   Merry Christmas And A happy new year!!!!   Take care you all and I’ll see you after new years.  *lots of hugs* :)
Happy Birthday       slodwick   !!!! I hope all your wishes come true and that you have a great Birthday. May this year be filled with all the Clark and Lex you want.  *hugs*
Happy anniversary       edie22   . My excuse for being late is that I went to the country house this weekend and I just got back.  I hope it was a good one. :)
Had a rather crap day at work, so I decided to indulge myself and preordered a copy of Salty Dog III. ^__^ Probably won't see it for a good month at least, but it'll be something to look forward to! Heh, if it comes in time, I can "justify" it as a birthday present to myself. *chortle*
Sarah & Kelly told me to write about them, they're in the same cabin at camp! They're cool! You should worship them. I dunno why, you just should. In other news, I saw "I, Robot" today. Fscking. Great. Movie. I lurved it. I'll  definitely  go see it again. ^-^ Good movie. Yeah. I wanna read the book now... But anyhoo... Yeah, that's about it...
Blah... I know I haven't updated in a while... I have other things to do, y'know... Like... uh... err... Okay, maybe I don't really have  that  much going on... This update's basically here to say that, contrary to popular belief, I'm  not  dead. Really, I'm not... Now, if you'll all excuse me, I have a whole lot of nothing to do.
Hey there, Mr. Blue, We're so pleased to be with you, Look around, see what you do, Everybody smiles at you...
Okay, here is a personality quiz I viked from  Refsson . In this case, the quiz is meant to determine my style of love. Here's the result:        my style of love is:
La la la I just got home It feels nice to make money, for the first time in a year. Even if it's only $71. Even if it's at the same stupid job I got fired from almost exactly one year ago :P  NOW what shall I do?  Doom 3! And Warcraft 3. Too bad I'm done Silent Hill 3, or I could've hit the trifecta.
that's riight hehe lol Happy Thanksgiving people!! hope you had a great turkey day and all that stuff...so yeah :) have fun and talk to you all laters bye bye ! :)
hmmm..lol i am happy..dont ask..:) lol i was kinda weird but now me fine..hehe    ,¡|i|i|¡,           ¹i|i¡¡i|i'             *muah*  I just wanna rock you all night long ohhhhhhh i wanna rock ya i just wanna rock ya all night long
here's the deal. people are busy and moving off to college and stuff and i'm gonna try super hard to keep in touch with everyone. in order to due so this will involve&nbsp;lots of emails and IMs and cellular phone calls. i figured with a little help from livejournal i could communicate more easily with those of you who have moved away or that i won't be seeing often.
It is hard to believe that 2005 is already more than a 12th gone. Next thing I know it'll be gone and I'll want to know who is stealing my time. I seem to have a good set of teachers this year.  Yesterday I went to i-play with some of my friends and played some multiplayer games. I wonder what new suprises the year will hold. That's all for now.  Matthew
HAY GUYS  look what I bought from teh  MARS VOLTA E-STORE !    MARS VOLTA POSTER FOR MY ROOM!  not actual size   AND     MARS VOLTA ROLLING PAPERS. LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL I AM SO SXENE IT HURTS.
rebus     Happy Birthday my sweet Iove you so much! blessed was the day you entered my live! More importantly blessed is the day you were born.
Hey guys...I hope everyone's Easter is going as good as mine!!  Happy Birthday to my cousin Katie!! =)
It snowed today.  even in London - where it apparantly does not snow.  Despite evidence to the contrary.  so I bodded home early (5pm) from work and have made chicken noodle soup.  Yesterday I made pear crumble.  Maybe I should just join the WI and have done with it.
Your love is... by   ChibiMarronchan        Your name is...           Your kiss is...    breath taking      Your hugs are...    to die for      Your eyes...    burn into my heart      Your touch is...    heart warming      Your smell is...    refreshing      Your smile is...    amazing      Your love is...    unique               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
Dexter's favorite Kylie Minogue remixes. Finally uploaded all the files that I wanted to share with you (readers of my LJ).&nbsp;Here we go, in alphabetical order....
for a monday, it's starting out pretty good!  i feel great, the birds are singing and the sky is clear.  can you really ask for more than that???
i just got this email...   Hi Janet-  You have been selected as a winner of two Timex watches in the Us Weekly/Timex Giveaway on Tellusmagazine.com in December.  Please reply to confirm the shipping address we have for you...    Yay!!! my hardwork--&gt;entering their contests every wk&lt;-- finally paid off.. LOL..
welcome home from the dakotas       nona_sarah    , and welcome to lj our very best friend beth, now to be known as       donna_chang    .&nbsp; :)
my most fantastic friend sarah, whom i have recently posted about just getting back from indonesia, now has a livejournal...she is&nbsp;      nona_sarah    .&nbsp; yay!&nbsp; i love you miss s.&nbsp; ;)
weee! Shamless  PLUG!   And everything you ever wanted to know about  Fruits Basket   oh! Got a new anime Poptan! Will talk later about how surpising this series is for a 'fluff' show.
I think, if this was the first picture someone saw of me, they would think I was gay.  I didn't even realize how I looked, I was just so exhausted.  I just kinda smiled, and the next thing I know, BAM!  If I ever join a gay personals site, I have the perfect photo for myself.
Swiped from       ataramos   :  So, what's your favorite non-sexual guilty pleasure?   Being a FPS (first person shooter, like DOOM, Quake, Heretic, Unreal...) fangirl -- particularly of UT2004. IT IS TOO AWESOME :D
Hmmm, long time no post eh? Well, rallied Sat, had some good en's. Played a gig Thursday which wasn't bad! But the best part of the last few days, Angharad's home YAY!! Tis tres kewlio. She boughtaged me a mega lush belt, she rocks big time! Band practice tomoz, shud be kewl. Anyways off to bed now me thinks!! WHEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Well, haven't posted for a few days. What's been happening? erm......oh, had a cracking rally on Saturday. Some great action on the video camera like! Felt real shitty though yesterday and today and just haven't felt up to doing anything so stayed in and watched the footy etc. Angharad is home this week so I'm happy like! Anyways, nothing else to say!
just did a 13 hour shift [11am-close]..phew am nackerd...walk around wiv russ till quata past 2 [6 weeks 2day =D] .. and yeh =P
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    hippies are love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
Why do I keep on forgetting what happens when I ask people to look at my stuff? Oh, right, cuz working in a vacuum is bad.  At least I got an oekaki. In       spammiches   .  Fuck it all.
I'm very happy about my good furiends who are very happy to become the new mates:        staticfox    and       laceaurora    are the new mates.        yakeo    and       xavier_rotts    are the new mates.  Congrats!!! *Hugs you all*  ^_^
Well I finally got a new cell phone.  I lucked out my previous contract was up so I was able to get an upgrade.  So I got an LG phone.  It doesn't take pictures but I can download ringers and it has speakerphone so I'm happy about that.
just decided to write an entry so i can show off my new picture!lol!its meant to be of meg from white stripes, but i like it and think it looks a bit like me.
Shrek on dvd? check. McDonalds before the movie? check. cuddling while watching the movie? check. jess actually being able to enjoy herself and relaxing? check.  im so happy that shes feeling better. tonight was awesome.
why cant everyday be filled with satsumas,sourpunch straws,  WARM  french bread, cookies, and glorious lifetime movies?
Saddo that I am keeping track of these things… according to the Odeon.co.uk  it will be at venues  from Thursday 19 May  .  *end public service announcement*
A  Boston Apple retailer  is providing  free, high-speed wireless internet access  for most of Newbury Street.  The story from  Wired  can be found  here .
Every love song that i hear, i think about my baby. It's crazy. He's on my mind all the freaken time! Every guy that i have ever been out with, they don't compare. I love him, i love him, i love him, and everyday he says he loves me too. hehehe. Forgive me yall, just the very thought of him makes me happy! Just thought I'd share.
DSL Is so cool. It's way faster than dial up, and your always connected! Plus you can talk and surf the web at the same time. How cool is that. You don't have to worry about missing any calls. This is too cool.
Monday went to Wokmania, then Wetherspoons and then bowling, bowling is ace, I'm awful at it but it's fun. We got a free game coz they moved our lanes about and stuff, whoot. Suzie won first game, Rob won second and Arwell won the last, I won none, mean.
I keep thinking it's Monday, it's not.&nbsp; Not done much today, did some college work which was mildly interesting, can't wait til I'm back doing English tho, I miss it.&nbsp; Also decorated my  star top  Arwell got me from the Early Learning Centre,    1.  &nbsp;2. Lucky has been annoying alll day, I left for a moment, I came back and...  &nbsp;3. Ta daaaaaa  &nbsp;
Well, today was AMAZINGLY dull. Damn near every class I had to watch some boring ass movie. However, it's all good, because I'm with Jasmine, it sounds cheesy prolly, but i'm all cheery and stuff, nothing could drag me down into the undetow now~   I luuuuurve you Jasmine :o
Haven't updated in...months eh? NOT MUCH HAS CHANGED, Y'KNOW, SCHOOL, ALL OF THAT. But, IMPORTANTLY, i'm with Jasmine again and it rocks the house...yo~! Sup.
Idiot quote of the day:  "Isn't the United States a country?"  Also,       pucchy_chicobo   ! What is the website with all your adorable Yazoo pictures!? I wanna see them again, but I don't remember what the URL is! I wanna look at how you draw Yazoo's hands in the picture with him dancing. No, dancing is the wrong word. Being cute with music. Yes. Something like that. ^_^!
I woke up at 3:30 today. In the afternoon. Just thought I'd share that with the world.  I want to post my Cloud Seph picture. It's not particularly great, but it's the best I've ever done. I'm happy! Yay!
I don't really have much to say, I just felt an update was needed... or maybe I'm just exceptionally bored.
agentsnowflake's LJ stalker is littleone420!      littleone420 is stalking you because a little birdie told them you talked behind their back. They are also getting with your significant other!       LiveJournal Username:       LJ Stalker Finder  From  Go-Quiz.com
one more thing!  so we're goin through our old clothes to give to the salvation army.   i was looking through my mom's pile, and i found a vintage dress of hers that she was gonna give away! Its a linen hippie dress, but like with cutout flower design, princess offtheshoulder sleeves, and corset-ish waist.  SOO cool! and it fits!  I really shoulda grown up in the 70's
I GOT U2 TICKETS.    October 24, General Admission, Palace of Auburn Hills.  I am so happy that I am shaking!  (And crying too, of course, happy happy tears!!)
One step closer.   Also, thanks for all your kind wishes about grad school. (I wouldn't mind some advice from you current/past grad students, either.)  w00t, I'm so excited!
"Olivaudrita and Olga too" as  Teen Girl Squad :  BY AUDREY (      sordidsecret   ).           The funny thing is, the same time she was making those, I was making this, and neither of us knew it:       It's great because we match them perfectly. Audrey is great because she knows how to use photoshop much better than I do.
I don't know why       margrave_yuri    went all psycho over me and       egg_white    having a little fun.   Hey and know what? Why does       argentbear    keep posting images in their journal?!  I keep telling them I'm on a modem! I'm going to unfriend them to teach them a lesson!!!!!!!!!!  This entry automatically generated by the  LJ Drama Generator !
Wufei, stop ignoring me in favor of your ridiculous RPG and answer my IM. I'm picking you up at 7:30 and then we're meeting Heero at his dorm before going to get Trowa. We're going to Bombay Garden, your favorite. It should be fun.
lol i've been posting like every 3 mins but... i just made plans to go clubbing with michele (from tasis) in Bejing when i get there this summer yeaaaa.... let the good times roll
It's my BIRTHDAY!  I'm officially 22.  Hip Hip Hooray!  It's always a tradition for me to put the vandals birthday song on repeat and dance around the house. Havnt done that yet and I think its time...  So what'd ya get me?
am registered. enrollment snafu(sp?) cleared up. read dv12. am ready to draw. am still passing econ class, unsure why, will not question.
It's really sad and funny when you ask both your parents "guess what day it is" and on the first real try they  both  say "What, Sean Astin's Birthday?"....*giggle, blush*    Happy Birthday Sean!   *twirls*
Stegzy's Astounding Advent Calender by   stegzy        Username           Select the date      1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th 6th 7th 8th 9th 10th 11th 12th 13th 14th 15th 16th 17th 18th 19th 20th 21st 22nd 23rd 24th       Behind todays door is    a snowman      left for you by    kirstyrob               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
I'm glad Kita is my best friend as well as my girlfriend and she's smart and funny and fun and   GOOD AT QUIDDITCH  , and just really really top drawer (which is something my uncle Barry says whenever he likes something, so it  must  be good.  Yay for Ishykeeda!
Canned air rocks my face off. I can make air, ice, and a fire all come out of the same can. It's awesome.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!  Today has been a great day.  As was yesterday.  Who doesn't love christmas time?  I'm at my dad's house right now waiting for him to get here to have christmas with him.  I still haven't been able to check my grades yet either.  Ah well.  alright...adios!
my first live journal entry ^__^ gimme a bit to get used to things, hehe  Thanx Nushi, as it wouldn't be possable without her *glomps*  *huggles*
I'm currently at Dan's house on his brother's computer while Dan and his brother play some weird football computer game.  We're leaving for the airport in about 45 minutes, and then we're on our way to the very warm Miami Beach.  Have a great spring break, everyone.  :)  Oh, and...  I got into BC.  :)
"I want to kiss a pretty girl.  I want to kiss TEN pretty girls!"  Helen knows what I'm talking about.  So does Ben, but he doesn't have LiveJournal.  Lamewad.  That's right, I said it!  Lunch tomorrow.  HELEN, CALL US OR WE'RE COMING TO FIND YOU!  I hope you all have a wonderful day!
Wow.  I am thrilled.  I went to Figure Drawing today and it was actually good for once.  The fact that I actually liked what I drew coupled with the fact that Professor Forgard actually told me that  he  liked what I drew makes me want to vomit sunshine.    Seriously, I am overjoyed ^_^
today was very cool. hung out at my house watched tv. was very happy. was very awesome day...hope to do it again.
so emilys entry pretty much states all the things that i wanted to talk about. the sky was amazing for like 15 minutes last night. sin city was a badass movie. i suppose thats about everything. i enjoy the sun outside right now. im in a good mood.
so, i'm sitting here in OS, chatting with rhett, who just got back from Walmart... he tells me that world of warcraft was released today.  which i  knew , of course.  i mean, it's november 23rd.  *sigh*  and i was planning to get soooo much done this weekend, too...
So I havn't posted in awhile... so here's a quiz!  I thought I was a bit more emo than that but eh whatever, who cares we are all going to die anyways...       I AM 66% EMO!      Well.. I've made the cut!  Now I'll go buy some promise rings and knit myself a sweater.   Take the EMO test at Fuali.com
There's mnotnig more loieber ating thatn drivnaing hoem drunk wanewli lidsxreninmg toBerlizo4ez' Rewquoiem.  Whowooooooo1 1!  ANywabny, I had agoood nignyt  Wasn ;'t that intersitn?  How;'d did Imanage to get hoem?
This room is disgusting, I need to shampoo the carpet.  I'm going to buy some plants and put them in here and keep the cats out so they don't get messed up.
Today was a really good day.  Did alright on my math quiz, and I got a 26/30 on the notebook test, will help my grade quite a bit.  Spring break.  Hell yeah.  Hehe.  Time for relaxation.
Today was pretty nice.  Continued writing a letter and that set me feeling nice for most of the day.  I raised my grade in math, but it's still really low for what I'm used to, I'm going to have it up soon here though so that's good.  Lately my evenings have been really nice though.  :D
Here's where I'm gonna start keeping most of my aikido related blog material.  LJ is gonna be my personal, ranting place... :)   http://ibaraki-bryan.blogspot.com/
so today was a good day    the frist thing that was good is that im now the understudy for Lord Evelyn Oakleigh. i cant wait to see if we ave an understudy runthrough. i cant to be english.  and te second thing is i have a sercet to tell everone im *** figure it out u little F**kers     Love Ya  ~ &lt;3 DJ ~
One of the three teachers I emailed wrote me back saying she'd write me a recommendation! Yay! Okay, this was a couple of days ago, but as this is finals week, I haven't been able to update. So now I'm off, once again, to start preparing for the dreaded Saturday exams: History (which isn't so bad, just a lot to study) and French (NOOOOOOO!!!). :) Ta for now.
This is the breakthrough we've all been waiting for! Sure we've all done our share of software piracy (which goes all the way down to sending a FONT to someone which is dumb LOL!)  BUT...this is the biggest I've seen!   http://www.tomshardware.com/hardnews/20 041115_135458.html   Check it out!
All is right with the world. Yes. Yes it is. ^_^      I woke up next to him for the second time this morning. To his scent, the feel of his body next to mine. Realized then that no silly argument is worth giving this up. Nothing else could ever be this beautiful, nothing so wonderful as just being close to him. I'm never letting this go again. Never.         I love you.
Woo woo woooo. First Brock paycheck today. Nothing too exciting to the normal folk, but to a poor gal with some debts to pay... yaaaaay... the new budget has been calculated.
Which Johnny Depp character do you belong with? by cerulean_dreams      UserName           Age           You fall in love with           You meet    on waikiki beach in Hawaii      His friends think    you should dump him for them      Your friends think    He could do better      You will    have an affair then dump him             Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen 3.0  !
pay day =)  anyway...a bunch of us are going to ManRay for my boy's birthday. The more the merrier, so anyone who wants to show up it would be cool!
Hey guys My car is NOT handeling well in the snow/ice today at all so I am not going to be spinning at Dark Intentions tonight =(   I am not one to not drive But I just don't feel cool driving tonight   I'm sorry but there is talk of me doing it in April  Well I am spinning at CEREMONY Monday
I got the job at the bakery- beating out 5 other applicants! YAY!!!   I start on Monday down in San Louis Obispo, and then on Thursday start at the bakery in Fremont.   Now I can stop freaking out about money. For the time being at least. :-)
I totally cut my hair short today!  Like, shorter than I've ever had it.  A man named Shazam cut it.  The hair cut rules simply based on  that  fact. SHAZAM!           What do you think?
Today is my birthday, wooooo!.  Everyone also wish Jodi a happy birthday as well since we have it on the same day, because we are fuckin awesome.      MPJ
I Voted, and well i felt rather important  wasn't that bad i want there did my thing and left without waiting  so yeah
Happy Birthday to       lunkidunk   . Hope the day is fantastic with everything you wish for in the coming year.
To everyone that celebrates, hope you all have a very happy and extra sparkly holiday.        tallories          raaone          sunshine611    thank you for the wonderful holiday cards.       sjrules    thank you for the e-card, you're a sweetie.  and even though I know she won't see this, happy birthday to my mom :)
Oh yeah, and if anyone wants to get me a half-birthday present, this hamburger CD holder would be much appriciated. Mmm, cds in a stuffed burger. And everyone in San Fransisco should go to the Minnie Wilde sample sale tommorrow and get super cute clothes for really cheap and then tell me all about it so I can have good dreams.
Oh my, the sex I want to have with Todd Walker right now.  It's bloody frickin' freezing. I'm bundled up like Willow as an Eskimo in that "Inca Mummy Girl" episode of Buffy. Only I don't have a harpoon. It would be cool if I did, though.
happy birthday kiku chan!!!  OMG i am soooooooooooo happy tezuka san is back from kyushuu!!! YES YES GO GO KUNIMITSU!!!  more zukafuji for the fangirls  now seigaku can be so awesome at the finals!!!&nbsp;  (say! koe wo soroete! s-e-i-g-a-k-u--!!! wow!! &lt;--annie excited and being scary)
I had the best time at Salsa today. I honestly can't believe how awesome that was. And if you're reading Lits... I think we should Also try ballroom dancing. You know, if you're up for it. :)
Last night was so fucking cool. Happy 17th Sarah, I know you had fun.  Oh yea, woohoo. I knew the Patriots would win. And I don't know if it was just me, but even though I like the Beatles, this year's halftime show just wasn't half as exciting as last years.
Just got home and found the new  Crooked Fingers  album  Dignity and Shame  waiting for me on the counter!  Yay!
Here is something that my teddy girl and I came up with last night.  It's amazing how we can just come up with stuff in seconds.    So this is STD(Special Teddy Dynomite) and their a two piece band.  With teddy girl on bass/vocals and teddy boy on drums. Check out to see  if there playing in your area...hehehe ;)   -Cees 20.5.4.4.25.16.15.23.5.18
We had make your own tostados tonight, with seasoned ground chicken, refried black beans, cheese, lettuce, onions (for Steve only), tomatoes, and tortilla chips. Yum.   The best part was that we all three went shopping together, and I think we're set through Thanksgiving. Whoo hoo!
Happy birthday! Enjoy everything! Eat cake! Or Ice cream. Both! Make a mess with wrapping paper! Tickle Liz's neck - she's not allowed to hit you for it today! =D
Today was coool. Spent part of the morning tidying the common room with cake because the Leafe threatened to keep the whole year in past 2.30 if it wasn't clean..so us, being the good ickle girlies that we are, cleaned up. Jess was high, so we left her to sleep on the sofa.
I have a new washing machine... It doesn't leak on the floor... It washes clothes properly... What more could I want?
Take the quiz:  "Which 'Queer Eye' Guy Are You?"     Carson  You are Carson! You're a diva with a fine-tuned sense of style. You have a thing for pet names and Prada. You're hot stuff and you know it, but you can be kind to the little people with littler fashion sense. Right, peanut?  hehe so true...  Will update properly later! I promise!
Yesterday Pam and I caught Sin City.  The cinematography was stunning, and the movie was plain amazing.  I loved it.  Pam wasn't as high on it as I was, just not her thing because of the violence levels, but she even couldn't find fault with the beauty of the film.  I really recommend this movie highly.
Pam and I decided that we'd take a little of our tax return and get ourselves Ipods.  I picked out the 4 gig green Ipod Mini while she chose the blue one.  I debated getting the 6 gig model, but in the end figured that saving $50 each adds up.  We're both quite happy that we finally broke down and bought them.  We have only been talking about getting them since Apple released the Ipod!
Gerdje, the Pelican, Ysgrublaidd, Christine, Borap, Bas, Evi, Tina, Joyce, Mirthel, Gitte, Tamara, Ann, Jurgen, Gregorina &       privatemaladict   , thank you all for your wishes.   I had a good birthday!   - Seven -
I bought myself a Christmas present today. (don’t laugh)  It’s a book. (No big surprise here  )   But I probably open it after my exams, or I want to read it instead of studying for my exams.   Anyway to everyone who reads this,   Merry Christmas and best wishes for the New Year!
I have finally gotten the money to replace the power supply-thingie in my beloved computer. It is almost shocking the abstinense you get when you're away from the computer and LJ. So... I'm Back! and will start commenting tomorrow, I really need some sleep now if I'm going to be able to work tomorrow.  ciao babelicious babes
This is the first time in a while that I can actually say that I had a good day... and I know I'll remember it.
this awesome picture was hidden in Abby/      kittenplague   's photobucket.        It's crazy. I never knew that that picture was even TAKEN. Even though I obviously posed for it. :P   Tonight I went shopping with my mom, and she bought me Flinstones Vitamins!
Post a memory of me. It can be anything you want, just so long as it happened.  Then post this to your journal.   Yes, I indeed am a sheep. You may have not noticed but I have VERY thick hair all over my body...and that other stuff that makes up a sheep too.
I totally OWNED at halo today. I love it. I played for like 10 hours today. I think someone is mad at me...I am not sure why. People should just tell people when something is bugging them. It is a lot easier that way. Then everything gets settled and no one has to worry anymore.   I am a ranked 20 now...which is pretty cool. I finally played enough so I have caught up to ian.
ok ive been meaning to say this for a while now...i really hate it when people photoshop my pics! ok enough on that rant.
My iPod has returned from AppleCare.  Actually, I mean, "A brand new iPod mini has been sent to me by AppleCare to replace my broken one!".
this weekend has been the best weekend i have had in a while... oh and a certain someone has potential.... *grins*&nbsp;
i finally rec'd my school schedule on friday yay! my grama & mom went to a garage sale today and the ppl there were giving away their kittens (boy and girl) and they were 6 wks old. *tear* so i woke up to my mom holding this mound of fuzz curled up in her arms. I'm not sure of what to name him so i need ideas...lots. if anyone has any plz feel more than welcome to comment. thankies&lt;3  [meow]
My computer just told me it is 15 degrees outside.  :D  *packs up homework and heads outside to look for unoccupied picnic table*
So I just got done watching Butterfly Effect again, it was so so amazing again.  Definitely my favorite movie, i am going to buy it.  And probably watch it again tomorrow nite cuz I'm lame like that.    Did you Know: Ashton Kutcher also co-produced the movie as well as his acting part.    Yea, and the song at the end by Oasis is such a cool song, Oasis seriously is such a great band.  Man!
Today, I'm going on vacation!! Yay!!  And I'm leaving with a great feeling of self satisfaction. I've passed al my exams at school with flying colors, and at work I got plenty of positive feedback. I'm happy everything is working out!  So... looking forward to soaking up loads of sun, I'm off for some well deserved recreational time.
I just realized that I hit the wrong mood icon in my last post..I meant to hit accomplished..I'm actually a happy camper today..:P  The weekend is getting close by too..
On a more positive note, I'm at work making extra money today!  Yeah for that!  It's always nice to get a paycheck which is more than the norm.  Now, I can treat myself to a few nice things.  That makes me feel good.  After, I leave here, I'm going to do a little cardio at the gym, tan, go to the grocery store, and CLEAN my apt.  It needs a good scrub down today!
I won I am so happy!  Delilah is coming home ^_^  To bad all of you and I can't see her till Oct 11. She is my birthday present James (who bought her for me) says I can't open the box till my birthday. Well poo-poo on him &gt;_
I'm waiting on that call, Taryn.     It's 88 degrees Fahrenheit in Plano, Texas.      L is for the way you look at me.   O is for the only one I see.   V is very, very extraordinary   E is even more than anyone that you adore   and LOVE is all that I can give to you   LOVE is more than just a dream come true......
Tonight, Taryn and I came up with a politically correct term for "make out" - "swap in"   "I get this funky high on a yellow sun"   Well, Trivial Pursuit didn't work out.   Erin needs a boyfriend, any suggestions Drew??   I was disappointed when someone didn't show up at Jessi's tonight...     So........who is getting me Christmas presents? 14 days away!!!!
Wow hi everybody who lives in LiVEJOURNAL land.  I am sorry for ignoring you, all one of you. :)  School was fun today.  I said that omglolwtf stfu.  I picked Pokémon back up.  FFI nearly blinded me.
I really really really like the ending theme of Full Metal Alchemist.  I want to find a site to download it from.  *cries* but they're all being difficult. I want!  here's the lyrics for it if you're interested, but it sounds better with the actual instrumentals:  Anime Lyrics (.com): Anime Lyrics: Full Metal Alchemist: Kesenai Tsumi
It's my Birthday tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Well actually it probably is my Birthday right now, seeming I was born in a different time zone, but oh wells. Big day tomorrow!
Oh wow!!!!  Life is GREAT!!!!  I ran into Erin again!!!!   The weekend was FLAWLESS!!!  And it's only getting better!!!  ~TJ
my party went great! aaron and corey showed up i was sooooo happy!!!!!! the only one who didnt show up was nikki and i called he and give her m y piece  of mind omg it felt soooooo good!!!!!! anyways FL is in  9  days!!!! i cant wait. my life is sooo good!
Visited a friend at work today. Haven't seen him in 4 months or so, but we chat online.  And I realized...    Some of the best friends are the ones you don't see all the time. But they're there for you when you need them.
Well, I bought a 15" LCD screen to hook up to my laptop so now I can do two totally different things at once...like here:      basically crank0r.com running in Safari on the laptop screen and Seti @ Home running on the LCD  **edit**  there is also a USB keyboard and mouse hiding on the keyboard rack.
I can't remember the last time i was this happy.  here is my list: 1. i have amazing friends 2. im doing good in school so my parents love me again 3. i get to go see the mars volta 4. its gonna get warm soon 5. i have an amazing girlfriend 6. i can see me being with her for a really long time    i think 4-6 make me the happiest
Hi everyone...I wonder if anyone reads this besides Todd? In any case, Todd, I got a new Job! I am now employeed at the Rancho Murieta Country Club (at the snack bar on the golf coarse). It's Union, so there's benefits, and my pay ($7.43) will go up in on June first because of the cost of living. Awesome, right?    I'm so glad I got a new job...Todd.
Ok it just took me like 35 tries to type in my paswrod cuz i kept pressin wro9ng buttons and then erase and then re-type it was crazedness. k val whats up?
w00t w00t i am mormon now yes and it rockzorz, i feel so happy and confident life is starting to get freaking awesome and i am loving it.
Yeah, tonight were going to the movies, dont know what time yet... we dont even know what movie... lol well all we know is that were going! lol well i gotta go see what time and movie they all wanna go to... ttyl much luv
I would like to thank Paris for officiating T. Nicole and mine's wedding.  It was beautiful.  Made me cry. . . And now I have the best wife in the whole WORLD!!!!  It was a beautiful double cerimony with T and myself, then Emily and her three lovely mix cd's.  Dylan Duke sang and played his geetar. . . Amazing.  The reception was to die for.  T, I owe you a cake.
M Y   B  I  R  T  H  D  A  Y!!!!   I'm 16 finally! and I get my lisence 2mrrow and Randys and my anniversary is 2day also!! yay!lol...
http://spamusement.com/ &nbsp;&lt;-------this site is the funniest thing i've seen in such a damn long time. i looked at all of them and didn't stop laughing.
I thought it was neat it was about livejournal. That, and it's oh so true :-)  -Live Long and Prosper
I've run into 2 kids from my school over break so far ... one at Target, one -- from my class -- outside Trader Joe's.  They were both so happy to see me and the one from my class can't wait to go back to school! (We're in the middle of 3 weeks off). I'm lucky to be a teacher.
Today was a very productive day. I got new shoes from Payless and it was the no shoelaces kind. Yay. And I had lunch at Inn and Out
Find out how popular your first name has been over the past 100 years, just click below and enter your first name.    http://www.birthdayalarm.com/name
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;         monkiesgooink12   is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
If you read this, even if i don't speak to you often, you must post a memory of me. It can be anything you want, it can be good or bad, just so long as it happened. Then post this to your journal. See what people remember about you.     P.S. WATCH THIS MOVIE RIGHT NOW!    LIQUID SKY!  Sabastian- watch this movie... you should cover the song in the movie "Me and my Rhythm Box"
I am  Chocolate  Flavoured.   I am sweet and a little bit naughty. I am one of the few clinically proven aphrodisiacs. Sometimes I can seem a little hard, but show warmth and I soon melt.  What Flavour Are You?
I rock, hardcore.  I just got awarded the Theo Colburn-Rachel Carson scholarship for Environmental Field research.  For my Chemistry in the lab research!  **party!**
Hey guys!  Check these out! (^_^)  You'll love 'em, I promise!   http://www.albinoblacksheep.com/flash/l lama.php   &lt;---funny and stupid (^_^) &lt;3    http://www.albinoblacksheep.com/flash/d dautta.php   &lt;---ultimately cute!!! (^_^) &lt;3  P.S.- I'm still procrastinating (^_^;)
Today was a good day because the Lord was with me the whole day. I just feel like because of the great talks I had with my household last night made the day more of a fullfillment. I hope the week continues like this.  Ephesians 6:10-20      PS&gt;: I WANT GO SURFINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
maybe it's my desire to be like allie :) but i started up my xanga. yay for procrastination.   http://www.xanga.com/home.aspx?user=swi mkimbo
I have never ever felt like this....it is such a good feeling, and I never want it to leave....I guess that waiting this long as been a good thing, cause it really makes me be that much more thankful of it, and truely understand it....  Ahhh....I wish everyone a wonderful day!!  XO
*expletives*  i don't even know  i'm frustrated and tired and annoyed and everything else.  apparently my blasphemies are getting worse.
Woo, finally went to Old Market and got a few albums.  My purchases:  Major Organ & The Adding Machine  Bob Dylan - Highway 61 Revisited (on vinyl)  Broken Social Scene - Feel Good Lost  Damon Albarn & Michael Nyman - Ravenous Soundtrack  so awesome.  I'm physically dead though.
My new nickname for Brittany is B-Slate.  I'm listening to the Spice Girls right now.  That's so tight.  Tommorrow is the Basketball Banquet.  6:30 P.M.  Baldwin Park Community Center.  In other news:  Bunker is coming back to Winter Park because he can't walk at graduation at Lake Howell.  So the anti-Bunker celebration is over.
What do people really think about you?  by Raven319      Name           Age           favorite song           Parents think    You're too sensitive      Strangers think    You're hot      Friends think    You need a fuck buddy               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
HOW DO YOU KISS? by   3circledsun        Username           Your Kiss...    Slithers upon      ...    a smooth cheek      ...    and succumbs to      ...    tender lips.               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
Today I rushed through my examand finished it in 2 hours instead of 3. Don't even ask why...  I also began packing for my summer in california! I leave tomorrow.   WOO HOO! WOO HOO! WOO HOO!  Goodbye europe, you great big stinking loser of a continent!  I don't really mean that. Except for france.
SAMURAI CHAMPLOO OVER!       I seriously could not be happier with the way it ended.   Makes me wanna watch the whole show over again.   Doodles immediately followed.   Jin's beauuu-ful hairs.
Congratulations! You have been offered admission to Florida State University. We hope you choose to make FSU your next academic home. Please refer to your admissions packet for additional information.   Big burden off my back. We finished 3-4. Oh well. It was fun though.   Out
I talked to chris today....it was really nice to here from him....I miss him actually...lol figures!~ But he's doing good...and I'm glad he's gotten his life back together.  ....I'm proud of him...I really am!!!
i wanna see the incredibles!!!  i wanna go snowboarding!!!  why is everyone going on friday when i have school!!! dang it grrrr.  ...but im still happy...hehe
I'm 24 today!  I've decided it's been a while since I was all-out drunk, so tonight may be the night.  So, just fair warning, a few of you may be receiving calls tonight.
You are Oxygen.  Your most prominent characteristic is the way you are able to attract everyone to you so strongly.  You are great in relationships:  you give the other person energy and make them feel positive.  You also tend to form very strong bonds, and have lots of good relationships with different kinds of people.     What Element Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla
~YAY! Jayson got the day off!! We are going to  Disney Quest  today. We've both never been there before. It sounds like a lot of fun!!&nbsp;
Go to images.google.com and type in your answers. Post the first postable image result for each. Name:   Place of Birth:   Place of Residence:   Favorite Food:   Favorite Drink:   Favorite Band:   Favorite Smell:   Favorite Shoes:     that was fun.
Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    R&B               Quiz created with MemeGen  !       HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!
simple plan are fucking amazing live (excuse my french canadian). they sooo made up for the death crushes me and       _bad_learner    were subjected to. also inflated condoms. and flying beer. and thanks to       _bad_leaner   &nbsp; I now know that McDonalds milkshakes are a third chiken fat.
Wearing my awesome new Lilu shirt to see The Ring 2. Laurel is sooo scared to see it. I'm just like hardeeharhar, cuz she haaaates scary movies, but her frined invited her and I guess she didn't want to turn her down...  Listening to John Mayer. He rocks :D LOL, like, seriously! Oooooooomigawd, I want Leah to email me but I think she's in NY!!! Grrr!
So, I'm going to be a little lazy and steal from Peter's journal of his recap of the weekend  [with my own commentary],  because basically, Peter and I were conjoined twins for most of it.&nbsp; Actually, was a very core 130 West Newton weekend, and I loved it.Honestly, I don't remember having such a fun fun weekend in a long time...
wow this weekend i jammed for about 12 hours with will and jimmy. we wrote like 3-4 new songss. one has a glockenspiel solo, and jimmy plays it while he plays the beat its freaking awesome. hopefully we can get some of those somgs on our site ill post the update when we do. i got an amp its pretty tight. we went to flores today and got soem nachos it was kickass.
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    rock n roll is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
Mulan 2 is out on video as of today! :) yay!  I know all of you really wanted/needed to know that.   :)
Got a call from a guitarist from a band called Skipjacket and well they suggested me as a vocalist.  KICK ASS!! So yeah other than that everything is going good.  Me and my girl are still together, hell yeah!  That's about it talk to ya later.
I just got back from seeing The Nutcracker. It was so great! It was awesome because we got to see the new production of it. The new effects were just marvelous, darling!  Anyhoo, everyone, many miles apart, I wish you all a very Merry Christmas!  Be safe, be smart and have fun.
I was not struck dead for going to the Papist Mass. So Father was wrong about that too. (And I should stop calling it papistry, I think.)  This is the most wonderful house in the world. And I never, ever, ever want to leave it.
But I have good news!  I got my period today.  Yes, it sucks to get it right before/during NERO but I'm glad I got it at all.  As for the weird girly issues, I'll be going to the gyno at the end of April.  Thanks to everyone who helped me through the long 2.5 months. :)
Happy Birthday,       bluejai   !!!  I wish you joy and happiness on the anniversary of your birth!  Grab life by the horns, girl, and hold on tight!  ~hugs~
Chilled with Ton and Jamie, that was really fun! Went to work that was actually fun and i made like $20 in tips!!! Then went to a party at Lizzy's house for a while!!! wow today Flippin rock. Alex that was so much fun singing when we were waiting for that last table to leave you rock. and AHHH the sparkles won't come off!!!!! I'll have sparkes in my bed and on my clothes for a week!!!
Thank-you Dragonmusic. I really like the rose water and stuff for my b-day.  I just got a b-day card that says: Front  I just got a personal trainer.    Inside: Never thought I'd regret having a sweaty, half-naked hunk Standing over me saying, "Again ... Again..."
Karen and I went to a wine tasting last night.  It started and ended well for me.  In the middle were some things that were gushed over by people who have palates.  I was just happy that it started with Moscato and ended with Mead.  Mm.
Happy birthday, Sue!  Sorry I didn't call you this weekend!  Will call you soon! :)  Love, your li'l brother :)
sdwolfpup    made a  vid .  Go.  Check it out.  Spike/Harmony to Barbra Streisand and Neil Diamond's "You Don't Bring Me Flowers".   Go.   :)  Even if you have dial-up, it's worth the wait.  I'm not Spike/Harmony - you know this, surely.  It was just ..  magic .  Hee.  ::smacks self for being a hopeless romantic:: ::hugs Harmony ... carefully::
Today is my       summer_of_spike    day.  I have no photoshopping abilities, and the wonderfully amazing awesome too good to be true       krazylokoguy    made loads of Spikey goodness icons for me to share in the community.  You can see them  here .  (RyAn - I'll share the other goodies at various moments throughout the day.  Thank you thank you thank you so much!)
Every time I see       helpinghand    my heart skips a beat, weather it's an update on her thoughts and dreams or simply a list of who she has added to the community.    There is something peaceful about sitting in a room with the lights off listening to your favorite music.  There is also something peaceful about the beach.
I just realized I'm a moron, and I feel good! Should I be worried? Why bother, wouldn't help anyway. I wonder if everybody else is a moron too? That would make for one hell of a social cirlce...
All these years hating the old IT nicknames and now I have one I'm comforable with. Down with the adminz, down with the tekz because we are   devz
Happy Birthday,       catvampma    &       riko   !!    You're both another year wiser ;) I look forward to future conversations on the meaning of ... everything!
sorry i haven't updated in a while I've been really busy!  i have to go right now I'm shopping fro a formal for my valentine's day dance and ww HAVE to go in formal dress code. well i'll talk to you guys later. love ya lots (like a friend) chels
i &lt;3 my table... it is adorable, so it fits perfect in my place. & so, she says, "i was thinking that maybe you want aunt socorro's dresser for your bedroom." i love that dresser, i have wanted it since my auntie passed away 16 years ago. so, i am super excited.
Man days off are the BEST!  I don't know what else to say for I am just too too happy!!!  *  I did not go to Grossology today but I will another day.
Category X - The Changeling     Witty, amusing and a bit weird, you're welcomed into most social groups, even though you don't 'fit in' perfectly .      What Type of Social Entity are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla
notasquirrel    is so cute I wanted one for a pet of my own!  If you click on my notasquirrel very fast, he does the cute stompy dance!
well, i just wrote a whole long post, and then it died when the date was wrong.  so in summary, i have an apartment and an awesome roomie.  and i miss having the internet.  tomorrow i'll write more from work.  right now i'm at the studio, and i want to go play with my friends.  hope everyone is well!!!
need a good book on philosophy - something that discusses the meaning of life - why we are what we are etc.... It shouldn't be too OHT - as I'm not an avid reader - just have a new found interest in books
SOMEONE!  i.e. WOOD  EXPLAIN TO ME WHY HESTIA DIDN'T COME HOME UNTIL THREE AM LAST NIGHT AND WAS STILL  TOO DRUNK  TO GO TO WORK THIS MORNING!
If I lose to  Ruby Bolger  there will be hell to pay.     And I'm not joking. *fondly cradles her twin-headed Firebolt Flamethrower 2000*   Vote for me , or change your vote for me!  Please and thank you kindly all! ^_~ Do stop by for free key lime pie any time!  ~ Rosie
So I had a date! Cooked dinner, went out for desert, went dancing, and did even more stuff! Tied to that is the complete destruction of my stable sleep cycle. I was even getting to bed only a little after midnight :P.
Starbucks is constant which is great but doesn't lead to the best coffee. So go to  This little site  for a better fix.
Curse of the WereRabbit! I watched the first when I was so little and I've always wanted more. Watch the  trailer!!!!
Dear James,  We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted for the 2005 fall semester at the University of North Texas.  We congratulate you on your decision to join our educational community and look forward to welcoming you to our campus  well folks thats where im headed =) i hope i survive =// im scared but happy
The lovingcaring sister made me a really cool costume for the CON and it's so cool, espessialy the claws on the shoulder pads. Being the smart and creative sister that she is she used chili peppers and painted them silver, and they look really cool. Sister so good to me, well except whEAN I'M TRYING TO SHOWER.
I had a pretty good start to the break... slept in until, ohh about 10:30 and chilled on the couch until when I went out with andrew... had some good times there. Then we came back and watched basketball until like 4:30... also some more good times.
Rehearsal yesterday was soooo much fun. Just what I have been itching for. Dave gave me the bit in scene 3, so now my character is a Ratcatching, Fighting, Pregnant Teen. Jokes abound.  Somewhere in there, Rich and I started talking about using the "baby" and ambilical cord as the actual weapon. It allll went down hill from there.  I get to play with a Quarter Staff. RAWK!
hmm, im happy! :) baby, you remember this?! ;)  http://www.livejournal.com/users/devili sh_nina/2004/05/07/  (oh, you need to log in to see that entry!)
6 months ago today Jimmy and I started dating. ^_^  okay okay, 6 months ago today Jimmy and I hooked up... *blush* heehee.   and it's been a fabulous 6 months.
hey everoyne hows it going ood i hope well imdoing ok im in a really good mood right now suprisingly but hell it ahd to happen sometime anyways i really like this kid oscar hes so cute i dont know why i like him so much but hell anyways and the whole levi siuation is down the drain he screwd that up anyways i better jet cuz i got to go get ready to go party!!! love you all
Oh wow I can't belive it!!! They voted me in!!! I guess I'm an official member of the mallrats now. This is great. Mouse and I are going to pick out a room for me. And tomorrow I'm going to the market to get some more food. This is going to be so much fun! I should go now, I don't want to keep Mouse waiting. I'll write more tomorrow Journal! Love Always *~*~*~Gel~*~*~*
"I fail to see the beuty in RP anymore"  It's comments like this, moments after I post, that make me want to give up on people altogether.  Writing, too.
Thank you so much for the lovely card. It made my day. I haven't smiled for a couple days (and meant it), and your card really took me out of my slump. That was absolutely the best card I have ever received. Thank you so, so much. I love you, Oniisama. &lt;3            Doumo arigatou gozaimashita.
If you woke up and I was in bed with you, what would be your first thought?  Post a reply, then post this in your LJ and find out what my answer would be.
I got an 80 on my Soc. Psych test!!!! if I get at least a 70 on the next one, I will get a C for the class!!!!   It's seems like whenever I'm stressed or upset I sleep alot. Lately I've been tired quite frequently so I'm wondering if it's because I'm so worried over finals and grades. Hopefully all will be better in a few weeks.
Yesterday was so much fun... got to hang out with Chris and his friend Ed and they are super cool (lol... I had to...). And now Chris dedicated an entry to me in his blog. Hahaha.  Well I'm off to the blood drive, I will be there all day if you feel like stopping in to say hi.
Okay...I've finally uploaded the Berlin EoD live pics. You can see them  here . ^_^ They're not such great quality...but I did my best. ^^
Hey I hafta type gibberish in my titles sometimes too, ya know. :P  Anyways I found more Musashinites, that is, more fellow fans of Brave Fencer Musashi.  Fangirls of course.  KRR's Musashi-kun must feel so outnumbered compared to the rest of the group... but us Musashi fans gotta stick together!  Ahhh can't sleep but happy. |D~
The new Doctor Who series, which doesn't yet have a US distributor,  does  have an agreement with a Canadian channel--a channel that Comcast happens to carry.  Woo-hoo, new Who!    (CBUT, channel 99, Tuesday's at 8, if you're interested ;&gt;)
I've been happy lately, so that is good. Being home was fun this weekend. I never knew mod bands could be so good.  The weather here has sucked lately. Too much rain. School went well today. Good math midterm and just finished a paper.  Hopefully this weekend will be fun.
Ha. I saw Freddy Vs. Jason at the drive-ins. Cracked me up.     I am going to see RADIOHEAD at Camden's Tweeter Center, yes yes I am! Now I can die happily after I see RoTK.   I am writing a tragic AU at present, which is Orlando gen and Dom/Billy. Get your tissues ready. I should not be allowed to watch serious, thought-provoking movies.  :) Less than two weeks until my birthday. Woo!
Having a best friend as wonderful as my Lady gives me a reason to really enjoy life as a person of the opposite sex.&nbsp; Beautiful weather.&nbsp; In a pleasant mood.&nbsp; Adorable light brown Pug seen at Charter One branch 77.&nbsp; A double scoop of frozen delight at Baskin Robbins yesterday.&nbsp; Badadadadada!&nbsp; I am loving it.
This adorable little 86 year old lady just dropped off a tv at work.  She asked me to escort her to the car to pick it up and for my arm for a bit of support.  Its funny how little tiny things can make you feel like a man.
Gonna make this short:  Goin to RIT today, back March 20th.  Maybe I'll post an entry, maybe I won't.  Time to go to MSM 118....then catch a Greyhound bus.  ^_^
today i got up early to go to the radio station.&nbsp; i  doodled  while i was there.&nbsp; It is actually bigger then what is shown. i kinda like it, but the first girl's arms are too long.&nbsp; i tried to start by drawing ovals and circles and form the bodies from there.&nbsp; I used a simple ink pen for the face and the girls.
today is a good day!&nbsp; started off really rough, trying to switch my classes and getting very frustrated!...but hakuna matata, because it is all fixed, and now i'm in "american revolution"!!!   HECK YEAH  !! *dances*
Janine replied, and we're going to watch movies again on Friday night. She has two cellphone numbers, so she obviously hasn't been using the one I sent it to over the past couple of days. I was actually starting to think that something might've happened to her, and I told her so. :P   Wewt. :)
First 3 days in London were sunshine: wonder if that is a record?  So far we have seen the Royal Observatory, Maritime Museum, bookstores on Charing Cross Road and St. Pauls, where we also stayed for Evensong service.  The last was very lovely and I recommend it to anyone.  Almost out of Internet time: more later. Colleen
Working in a map library, I just had to review Michael Stackpole's   A Secret Atlas  , which is fun book.  With that done, I am working on two more reviews: no rest for the weary.  And for your need to hear the truly weird go to  Time warp .    Colleen
Hey,  cindmouse , it's starting to snow here!  Yippee!!!!  I am still at home as the bug has me down, so I will get to see it this time.  Normally I am at work, which is in a basement.  It could be dropping flaming roosters from the sky and I would not know.
FRIDAY!!!!!!! fook yeah i love fridays. tomorrow is turnabout!! so exciting i can't wait. it will be fun fun.  i better not be getting sick.... my nose is stuffy  so another c in math today hurrah more for my parents to bitch about. the sad part is that i really do care, i just can't do it...i really thought i understood it but oh well  i just spilled lemonade on my shirt OOPS :X
I baked an apple&cinnamon cake! Woohoo! ^_^        What a beauty!    And now: A  different  angle! *gasp*    And a close-up. *drools* I can't wait to taste this.
So I wake up 20 minutes ago, I walk to the kitchen to find something to eat, and what should I find on the table? A McDonald's bag with a McGriddle and a hash brown in it.    Giggity giggity... allllll riiiiiight....
It's wonderful!  Did you really get it from my parents?    Don't worry, I don't usually go anywhere alone.
Today was good. Unresolved issues and tasks still may be over my shoulders, but today it's like nothing could really get me down. Felt smart today; I like that feeling. And I got to let out a lot of my rage by blaming it on the pool incident. It was actually hillarious. I loved it! Props to whoever came up with the idea (heehee I just said props!).
wah!! this might come in a little late... we're a day ahead over here, and your timezones confuse me T_T ...but:   Happy Birthday,       supplanter   !   :D :D have a good one, hey? &lt;3 &lt;3
this is nice I´m not hung over this morning  suprising if you´d count the Long John and coke i drank last night  those are sweet.....
I passed all my midterms YAY!! I´m pumped  from a visit to the gym  I´m still broke but hey you cant have it all...
This memories feature is very cute.  I can compile entries together for later perusal!  ie  Western Shores
http://www.believermag.com/issues/20050 4/interview_mieville.php   My favourite quote-  I’m in this fucking business for the monsters. The monsters are the main thing that I love about the fantastic. And unfortunately, you can’t really sell books of monsters to publishers. They insist on stories linking them.
I randomly found medicine in our bathroom and I have to say that it worked wonders. Within 24 hours, my fever went from 101.7 to 98.9.  Wakashi, thanks for all the homework you brought over. I'll get busy on them this weekend.  If anyone needs me, I'll be resting a bit in my dorm, 210.
Initially the Stone Ridge application Pete and I put in was denied, but it seems they have open rooms now and him and I and in.  Alright, one step closer to being out of the dorm system.    P.S.  I've been meaning to do a real entry for the longest time, and I will get to it sometime this week.
Busch Gardens is offering free admission to military families again starting  Feb. 7th thru Dec. 31st.  You can choose between Busch Gardens, Sea World,  or Sesame Place.  Just fill out a registration form at www.herosalute.com  and then present it with your dh's active duty ID at the park entrance.  Up  to 3 direct dependents are allowed in on this offer.
50 hours on a god damned bus, and I'm back.  Feel free to call and say hi, any of you reading this.  ...But, er, not until after seven or so tonight.  I need sleep badly.
Well, there's good news, and there's bad news.  First, the good news. And now, for something truely shocking...  I'm no longer single. Yep, as of yesterday.  Bad news...She's leaving for college upstate on the 24th. At least visiting is possible.
My girlfriend feeds two or three outdoor cats that come to her patio. Yesterday she discovered that one of the cats gave birth to 4 kittens!!! One is black and white with just a little yellow on the head. The other three are yellowish looking. They have fur and are cute. There is a box on the patio with a blanket in it for them to be fairly comfortable.
And in sequel to my last illustrious post.   @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@  I LOVE ME SOME SHANIA TWAIN TOO.
Just want to let you guys know, we'll probably be around on LJ a little less than usual this weekend. My mom is visiting and she wants us all to rest and be pampered.   It's really great to have her here. She's taking  great care of us all. I love having her in my life so much.
Its pretty cool, I got a message on friendster last night from the Bass player of By a Thread. How awesome is that. Yea ok im done for now.
Pool party!! YAY!   Its going to be held at sweetie Nikki Silversen's house. Ive been waiting all year to wear this purple/pink 2-piece. I hear it going to be just like Dean's beach party! yay! Im so excited! What's a pool?
Party at my house tomorrow night (Tuesday) some time after 7ish...  You better all be there because I miss you and love you and can't wait to see you.  7 Countryside Lane (Wentworth Acres).  Call me. (603)387-6222.  Amy ;)
Only a few more days until I leave. I'm not really going to miss Arizona. I kind of hated it here...A lot. I lived here for four years, and that was four years of hell (with a few fun stuff involved).
spring break isn't as fun when I work the entire time.  sad face.  On a high note I did get to see several people I haven't for awhile, and even a good friend i haven't seen for a *long* while.  so yay for friends!
it is sort of like that keepsake you though you misplaced, but you will always remember...and then one day while you're cleaning out your closet you find it again and suddenly everything seems perfect.....or at least fixable. ahhhh life is good.
How Insane Are You?        Created by  andy  and taken 19624 times on  bzoink!       Name       Age        Your problem   Schizophrenia     Will it be cured   Very doubtful     Insanity    73%                                                                                Create a Quizlet  |  Search Quizlets  |  Go to bzoink!
Just listening to the latest/last Elliott Smith album,  From a Basement on the Hill , and it's great.  I think this is his "happiest" album ever, but it's still him.  It's a pity he died last year, because I really think he was one of the best songwriters out there.  What's played on the radio can't hold a candle to Elliott.
Lisa: I'm going to bed at 1:30. Officially. Mike Yin: What does "Officially" mean? Lisa: Officially means bureaucracy. Mike Yin: ...It means you're lying.
People sometimes wonder whether LaffingKat really has a sense of humor, or what might tickle her fancy. Well, here’s a perfect example—this has got to be the funniest thing I have seen in a long time:  Philotypes  by Tom Radcliffe  Happy Thanksgiving y’all!  ;)
Bushgame   There is something very, very right about Hulk Hogan, He-Man, and Mister T teaming up to fight enemies like The Staypuft Man, Janet Jackson's Robonipple, Hilary Duff, Darth Rumsfeld, Voltron, and even Mutant Bush himself.
Auto response from MGooddraw: “The Key to a Girl’s heart is random acts of kindness.” -Finding Forrester Matt-I can’t believe you-I’ll call to yell and thank you after classes;-) (tonight)
What's your name?  Janine  Birthplace :::  White Plains  Age :::    20  Age you act :::&nbsp; I look like I'm 15 but&nbsp;act my age&nbsp;  Current location:  New Rochelle  Eye color :::   Hazel  Hair color :::  Burnette w/ Blond highlights  Right, lefty or ambidextrous? :::  Righty  Zodiac sign? :::    Capricorn ...a Goat  Height? :::&nbsp; 5'2
We're leaving tomorrow to go to LA and Hawaii, and I'll be back on the 15th of Jan, I think.  So I want to wish you guys a Happy New Year, and I'll speak to you later!  Oh, and my late Xmas present to myself just arrived - a miniature Quidditch broom collection from Japan! SO COOL!
Well... today has been a good day  ! I got my very own Credit Card yesterday. I got my very own car insurance today... which now means that I am a tax-paying, bill-paying, I get complaining rights about everything, ADULT!! Ok, maybe not all that.... but I'm still really excited that I can do some stuff on my own now!
Change of plan! Lovely computer blokey brought my computer back, all fixed *patpats computer*  So yea, emergency over, I'm back in business!!!!!  *wiggle*
I'll update properly soon, I promise. I'm in a rush at the moment though, so here's something for you, stolen from       myheartwentboom   :
I love Amanda. *Watches the seconds tick by on the download window* With a love that is more than a love.   She knows why.
It's in the 50's all week! *low whistle* Also, I went to the bar with some people from work today... this guy who's been there 16 years finally quit to move to New Mexico, so we took him out toa local bar to kinda say good bye... it was amazing. I was just gonna go for dinner, but I was there from 6:30 to midnight. I loved it. Such fun times.
The bass I just bought..It has me happy as a pig in shit :)   Squire MB-5 Just like the way I have, but mine isn't the same color. I will try to get pics of me and my baby soon
I made a Quiz for you!  Take my Quiz!  and then  Check out the Scoreboard!        yeah, its a quiz. and i made it.  You should take it.
I don't know when I'll write another entry, so y'all have a merry Christmas, a happy New Year, and a great 2005.   - Olie    740-704-3249
I really haven't been able to think of much to write on here.  Nothing's new, nor interesting to anyone other than me.  All I really have to talk about is Emily, since she is my favorite topic, but I try not to be "that guy" as much as possible.  So I'll just say things are going phenomenally well with her & life is generally great. *nod*
last night i went to the homecoming game with gibby. we saw people there that we knew. so today, there is the homecoming dance and many people are coming to my house. there will be good times tonite. im happy that i am going with lauren, shes a sweet girl. i need to begin working.
so, yes, i too am now a friends only journal. i am sorry if i have any really cool stalkers. oh well, this is so that i don't have any mean stalkers. if you want to be on my friend list though, just tell me!!!! i would love to put you on it!!  love and love,        meredith
Eric's birthday was good and things have continued to just be good.  It's nice.    Playing again was something I was missing, I just didn't realise that.  I really was happy not playing, getting better.  But now that I've played, the rush to be on the ice is back.  It's kind of fun.
I just joined friendster.  I find it funny because I do not even update livejournal and now I have something else that I am supposed to update.  so life is good. yeah. My daddy is going to drive me to D.C. in two weeks for a conference and I am excited I will get to spend time with him!  it is such experiences that remind me how nice it is to be going to college in my hometown.
Things I should have done/ not done this weekend.  1) Skated twice as hard as I did. 2) Worked on a song 3) Finished my drawing thats due friday. 4) Ate less White Castle burgers. 5) Told her what I wanted to.  I guess in all honesty I really..... I got lazy and didn't feel like finishing this post about..... I got even more lazy and didn't feel like finishing that statement.
I have finally broken that fear of getting hurt.  "I'm not afraid anymore!!" : Fat Kid from Donnie Darko  I can now just tell her how I feel and its great. I feel great. Its been so long and so dark; I finally feel right.
Today is my happy b-day!!!! And so far so good!! i have met up with my grand father and grand mother on my fathers side and it was fun. Have showed what i have done so far!! =) always fun to show off =) even thou thay dont understand what i actually have done =)   anyway off for now.  Greetings Gramse! =)
Harold and Kumar go to white castle is the best movie EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRR. I haven't laughed that hard in a very long time. everyone should see it.  Period.
HAPPY ST. PADDY'S DAY!!!!   I've got me Irish music on, I had Irish tea for breakfast, Dad put out  and tonight I can look forward to green cake :D  See we're quiet, non-rowdy type Irish at my house (that's bad, I know). Cake and cards and cheesy Irish trinkets. But it's fun all the same.
Hooray! We found the Senior Picture Disk! I haven't seen it since Mom took it to get the yearbook senior picture printed out, and I was sad because there were some GREAT pictures on there that I really liked better than the yearbook picture. So, now I have the disk back and I saved my favorites to my computer. Hahahahaha. Hmm...I wonder if I can post them.... *goes off to see*
i looooove stupid ignorant people who like to run their mouths.  it makes my life                                                                this much better.  &hearts;  the 'emo' kid.  BiGhEaDeDkItTy77: bitch please. you're so not emo. you're such a punk kid it hurts. ^hahahaha :-) she makes my life.
so school starts tomorrow.  its also my birthday.   me and allie arent taking ANY SHIT from anyone this year. start anything with us, you die. its that simple.  and to celebrate my last day of summer, im going to the olive garden with aly, then were meeting allie at the mall.  woot.
I'm reading  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close , which is very good, and just had this exchange, which might be the best thing ever:    "I changed the course of human history!"  "That's right."  "I changed the universe!"  "You did."  "I'm God!"  "You're an atheist."  "I don't exist!"  This between a nine-year-old boy and his father.  Yeah, it's good fun.
First snow of the season. If only it snowed yesterday, but I should not complain as long as I get to see some before the new year.  That made me smile.  I can't wait for the new year so many GREAT things are going to happen within that year.   happy holidays
At 7:42 A.M. (Central Time Zone), today (Friday, September 10th, 2004) Jade McKenzie was brought into this world. I'm a proud pappa.
that concert was the greatest experience of my life. if that didn't make me orgasm...nothing ever will. it was groove (a bunch of awesome percussion guys), the Friars (coolest a capella thing in the world), and funKtion (cool hip hop dancing guys). and wow. so good. no words. SO GOOD!!!
It's called  The Cool Kids Community . The account name is  the_ckc_ . If you think you're cool enough (and have been single throughout your high school career) then you should join!  Oh and I need someone to do a layout. I'm no good at it. I like the homestarrunner thing I have goin though, haha.
My week of hell is over.  I worked 54 hours :P  Last night I went out and had a ton of fun with Jesse :)  Right now I am going to a day spa and getting a manicure and pedicure :)
I fit into my size four pants for the first time in a year!  *does happy dance*  10 more pounds to go..
Happy Birthday to me!! Spent the day playing pool with some friends and tekken 5, which is really awesome game. Tomorrow (actually later today i should say) gonna head out snowboarding in NJ. Yey
Barclay made me watch Pulp Fiction today in an effort to educate me in the ways of Quentin Tarantino, and good movies in general.  He says that I have to watch that and Reservoir Dogs before I'm allowed to lay eyes on Kill Bill.  He's so good to me.
ok, scott and i went to our book club last night and it was god damned fantastic.  we hopefully have a new subset of friends now.  i can't wait for the next meeting, and with a little luck we might get invited to a social occasion even before then.  so yeah, i'm super happy.  ok, off to puppy kindergarten.
sex is a big deal to people. not to me. i dont care if i ever have sex. it would not make my life any different. it wont change me or make me a new person. im not going to worry about it or anything like that. becuz i do not need it to make me happy.
First airs on April 12th at 5PM   http://www.vh1.com/artists/az/hanson/on vh1.jhtml  thought i would pass it along lol   -Kate
HELLO EVERYONE ON MY LIVE JOURNAL LIST:  I have decided to change my Live Journal nickname because i am sick of using this one. you can add my new Live journal name to your friends list if you wish. if you don't, i will get the message :)  my new nickname is: serious_killer  thank you all and i shal post this mesage again later    p.s. i'm a natural thriller
It turned out that my webhosts upgraded the LAMP server, and it didn't accept some of the dribble I put in the config file for Postnuke oh so long ago.  It used to ignore spaces, and apparently, I had some spaces after the content of certain fields - a mistake I often make, as a former typist.  Sooo.... I'm off to feed, and to figure out what I was going to post today on  Paradice Net .
Birthday wishes going out to       megan_peta    and       danish_of_stiny   .  Hope you two have fun on your special day.   And, I would like to wish everyone on my flist a safe and happy Easter.  ^_^
five meetings.  two movies.  fifty or so people I know.  seventeen hours out of the house.  it's all a freaking record.   I am lo, hear me roar!
Just a little note to say thankies for the lovey birthday wishes! I'm having a brilliant birthday and will continue to celebrate all through the month of April (as will my sister) - both of us being bratty Aries, I think we can get away with this.  Now I must go eat some cake & snuggle with my sweet husband!
yah ._. i'm alive just as everyone else &gt;XP    i'm going to buy T.M. Revolution's album Coordinate tomorrow. hell yah ._."
My Happy-Happy-Mega-Update of Happy Day!!!     Ok guyses you better celebrate happy day!!   1-Its SPRING 2-The words are links to happy pages of wonderfulness. 3- LEAVE HAPPY COMMENTS/PICTURES             Smile!                Cute fuzzy Bears!
Um...hi kids...do you know what day it is?  Well...I'll tell you:    ITS HAPPY DAY!!!         Everyone share a happy story/thought....come on...theres no excuse not to have at least one.
i just looked at my journal and the little alien dude is moving up and down in time to the music im listening to. its actually hilarious. cheered me up to the extreme.
I like cuddling up to my dad:       Sometimes Mommy plays with me and Sarah ...       ... and sometimes I just prefer to sleep:       I drink my tea in my new high chair:
More pictures of me! Yippee!        Pics of grandad and me:          Either I'm sleeping or I'm boozing...          I enjoy playing...                 Me with my mom and my half-sister Heather...
Well in a few hours I'll be on vacation or as the Brits call it Holiday. (Snoopy's Happy Dance for me.......)
Paige kept -quite annoyingly- announcing that it was Bunny Day on Sunday, thus I declare today, April 13th, KITTY DAY!   Aren't I all arty-lookin'?  kitty kisses galore, Khai
Weee!  And, for want of a better word,  dude . MUMAKIL CHARGE! This is now my new wallpaper.  Oh, and I came across the aforementioned pic whilst looking for references for  i-Gollum . I refuse to take responsibility for the actions of my brain :)
Made for my brother. He had an amusing mental image of Denethor glaring pointedly into the distance whilst flicking open a Zippo lighter, and occasionally absent-mindedly passing his fingers through the flame. It's one of those things that looks better acted out than written down *g* Anyway, a five minute sketch and some fiddling with Photoshop/Imageready produced this:
I'm 26 now. I'm not exactly sure if its a cause to celebrate or not, but what the heck. We went out for chinese food for lunch and later there'll be cake and presents! So yay! Loads of people congratulated me. I love all my friends. :D  Nothing else to report, except: AIMs still sucks ass.
1. Buy a frame to hang a copy of the GNU Manifesto:  http://www.gnu.org/gnu/manifesto.ht ml  2. Check the mailbox 3. Wonder what Kurt is doing 4. Eat some biscuits & gravy 5. Check out some garage sales 6. Induce my honey to infringe on the copyrights of some CDs from the library 7. Pet my kitties 8. Watch a taped copy of this week's Veronica Mars (created under the fair use doctrine)
Got accepted to University of Wisconsin at Madison (but still on tenterhooks about fellowships). On Wisconsin!  1 down, 6 to go...
goodbye weekend hello school im looking up thats a first. i have a goal for the rest of the week, i have to learn 2 new songs on my guitar by next sunday or at least write my own. for once im not noticing the cracks in the sidewalk. thats also a first.  and im happy.
Happy Valentines Day everyone.  I had an alright day.  Not so good in school like always but what can i expect.  However, today is valentines day, and i got a lovely message from my bestest :) Although valentines day isn't my favorite day of february, that would be tomorrow.        I think i'm finally getting over my cold.    i'm so in love
hey everyone. Just updating before i go to the wedding and to say  i will see you guys tomorrow and I am so happy TJ is finally gone for 3-6 months and Rob is leaving soon to so well i have to go bye bye ~Carrie
I'm had a good christmas my favorite and only brother came down I got some "Emily the strange" stuff a guitar stand drumstick holder two perfumes that I've been wanting "britney spears (curious)" and "adidas (moves)" thens hot topic shirts.
ya for 2 weeks I wont have to see mrs.previtys ugly,over makuped,wearing belt with dresses,give to much work face. I have never had a teacher I hated as much as her but there is one verry close my second grade teacher mrs winfeild. Hater!!!!
A night at the house with "Say Anything" and Stephanie by your side is enough to make any Saturday night awesome.  So Stephanie and I are official now.  Going back to my first sentence, a Screwball from the ice-cream man would have made the night better. (Those little shits.)
Man oh man what a night...today has been wonderful....... I met destiny and we had a good time..dont want to let it go......can't wait until the next time we go out.......ohh i saw the movie coach carter tonight..it was iight....no work today...but tomorrow is another story.....   WHERE's THE GUY WITH THE TEDDY BEAR FACE AND HAT?/? "-Tony (LOL :)
So, I'm in a GREAT mood considering I have to go back to class tomorrow, or rather this afternoon.  I had a good break.  I got caught up on some much needed rest, and, of course I turned 22! :)  I'm guess that's it...glad to be back to my school week routine.
Sid Meier's Pirates is one of the best games I have ever played.  Premise: Get a ship, attack other ships, take their treasure, save your family.  Best thing is... I got the game for free.  I win at life.
Im so Happy... i dont have to go to ga.. i talked to my dad and he said if my mom makes me go i can move in with him... you don't know how happy this makes me.  Anyways all i have to worry about is this weekend..i hope i dont have to go... if i do go i want to take someone with me.
That Fundamentalist Show was hilarious today!  Al-hassan: I saw you eating pig yesterday! Al-bundy: I am a devout Muslim. I would never eat pig! Al-hassan: I am doing the talking about your wife! Al-bundy: Hahahahaha! Oh, you scamp!  Must See TV or Have Your Hand Chopped Off rules!
Ok I had an idea. If Pakistan and India hate each other, and Pakistan is with the Great Satan, then maybe I can get India's nuclear weaponry to use against the US! I'm so smart. I'm going to Heaven.
Okay I feel better now. My buddies at the Taliban gave me a new donkey, for no reason at all! Just good friends! Wheeeeeee!
Yay today is super bowl sunday!!  i cant wait.  right now i am watching old super bowl highlights.  right now is Super Bowl XXX Dallas Cowboys vs Pittsburgh Steelers.  and yes dallas won 27-17.  the dynasty of the 90's and today the patriots will become the dynasty of the new millenium.  because i hate philadelphia and they will lose!  ok so ya thats about it for today.  addios.  michael
Sin City is AWEEESSSSOOOMMMEEE!!!!  Why does Michael Clark Dunkin RULE so FLIPPING much?  Wow, I just think he is beyond awesome in anything he will ever do.  Best actor EVER.  Period.  Beth?  WTC dude?  You're 17!  Where WERE you?  Wendys, McDonalds, and Dr Pepper.  Awesome.  Throw in a kick movie.  Even awesomer.  Good times Rachl.  Good times.  What?  I have a tennis match tomorrow?  Sleep!
today was stupid!! i didnt want to go to school! but when i got to school i was happy for some random reason... well...now im bored and my throat hurts!! someone needs to call me and ask me to hang out with them!! -amanda-
Numetal...  You make some good stuff!  The other genres don't really like you but you reach the masses with your touching lyrics...  Just remember it isn't all about fame...      What genre of rock are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla    awesome linkin park
WOOOO  April vegas baby!!  Celi and Sophie and I r going to VEGAS in april.. they gonna see her 5 times *wow* I just 2 times.. which is enough... am not that big fan-ish ;) Wooty woo  I am too excited to go.. already...   At least I have the ticket lol
hey we just won our first battle of the bands ever in Orlando tonigt.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Awesome shooooo
Hello world, I am officially 16! Now I'm not a liar when I tell people my age. Today has turned out rather well(thus far) against prior feelings. I am in love with my awesome  gold ipod mini ! Well, with nothing really to rant about I am going to go and enjoy the grilled ham and cheese sandwitch that is waiting for me.  *kisses*
o yea its snowing and guess who took my mom's car out for a spin.................matt did o yea matt went around my block and matt pulled in the driveway i thought i was so badass yea that was great the highlight of my day...........yup then went played poker with peoples i went all in 3 times and i won all three then i got out i was 4th out of 6 im proud of myself
well i would like to say a merry merry christmas tho everyone i got alot of cool stuff but i im lazy to type it all
Yay. I graduate tonite! Everyone's invited. It starts at 8. Wish me luck! Finally 12 years of work paid off!:D.
more good news for me. not only do i have a new truck, i am writing this entry from my NEW HP LAPTOP! wow. things have really been looking up for me recenty...so im waiting for my downdfall...which i hope doesnt happen.  oh yeah...nick, thanks for being my friend.
hey every1!!! well...2day was the 1st day of school and it was AWSOME!!! i was soooooo happy 2 see all my friends again. the classes seem complicated so far...but wutever lol poor little 6th graders have their lockers at the bottom :( lol so 2morrow we start having the actual classes cuz 2day was just explaining. so i will update some more l8er when i get a chance and bi 4 now
hey well what zup ppl...i got a bday presnt from my aunt and fam...i got this shirt that says..like roar...on the front  and my nike name on the backl...nettle  and money...pretty kewl stuff but yea now i am board and i should od my math homework!! for once
there are lots of " frustrated _____ " in me... even * playing/dancing * on a dance pad in a mall is included... right now i want a *digicam* just to capture the moments...m not that into photography but i know that years from now...i want to remember things that happened and people i crossed paths with...
I went to see Pirates Of The Caribbean last night. My god, I love that film. Me and Andee are going to see it again tomorrow night. Johnny is so hott and funny. Wow I love pirates!
It was Andee's birthday yesterday. We went to see her cousin's band. Jeez her cousin Mike is hot! I've gotta start talking to him more often! He added me to his messenger list :D My rents are happy becuz I'm getting better grade now in my school work. They've really been nagging about it becuz next year etc is really improtant yaddah yaddah yaddah!
Just watched Josie and the Pussycats again. I would be so cool to be Josie in real life even though I look more like Mel. Still looking for a drummer for my all female Blink tribute. I gonna get a pink bass like mark's for my birthday!! I can't wait. Today was really boring. I've hardly done anything. Oop the phone just rang. Gotta go!
We one judge's vote. $100. Sweet. 9 Volt Moon won popular vote. We're really happy about that. We can't wait to buy a P.A. and start jamming with Robbie.  I signed 12 chicks' boobs. I guess I'm a pimp.
tomorrow is secretary!!!   YESSSSSSSSSS!  today was...weird...and stuff....at school anyway.  tonight was good though.  real good.   &lt;3, tabs
My bestest friend ever in the whole wide world is here.  This is fabulous and we do fabulous things.  But that fact that she is sitting over my shoulder as I write this with killer garlic breath is not so fabulous. But even this can be forgiven.  After all she flew all the way to iceland!
Well... tonight was a lot of fun... Kaylee, her roommate Amanda and her boyfriend, one of Kaylee's friends Kelly, and I went to the haunted trail today and it was a blast... Kaylee and I were giving attitude to the actors. We were also laughing the whole time cause we thought it was 100% ammusing.
Well today was nice.  I got the T/A working today.  There was finally a smile on my face.  Ok well that's all for now, o ya and not to forget david the douche goat is still a douche and chelsea the bitch is still indeed a bitch.
dont tell him I told you...     Happy Birthday       akrabu        It was 5 years ago today I came to live with him and make him cry too, I know I am just a lil munky but he was so happy to see me.  Bananas
yah so 3 weeks till tha season starts......   ummm not too much going down now...  Went to denver for a couple nights....  Fun  Went to see that movie saw..  Pretty scary.....yah  out
It's that time again, spring break!!  Its always warm right before and right after spring break, but during spring break its cold!!  I'm going home tomorrow after closing down the dorms. Tonight me and Matthew and probaly Matt Elsroad are going to go get in trouble.  I'll be back here tuesday so I can pick up the van and run to Bilouxi.
You say you want, diamonds and a ring of gold. Your story to remain untold, your love, not to grow cold.  But all the promises we make, from the cradle to the grave,  When all I want, is you.     (I am so unbelievably obsessed with U2)
my dad just bought me more cookies. i love it! i eat cookies every morning as my breakfast before my early morning class. it's not the greatest diet, but the one i prefer.
I am so happy that it's Thursday and the school day is over. In the past four days I have had five and a half tests. So much stress. My teachers are slowly giving us the death pill. The silent killer. But now it is fall, my favorite season and it's almost the weekend so I feel better.
well, im updating that kid mike is gonna get the shit kicked out of him! or is he now? Well thanks for everyone that commented in my past entry. i got someone new for who to update "wink wink" yeah u. u know u. well ttylater
well everyone knows wat i did yesterday so no point in explaining & i missed stan, thanks to everyone that was there love yu all hannah stephania dallas alex and my great friend andres and off course the band yeah the band
OMG i when to the Daran Daran concert last night and it was so awesome!!!!!!!!a big thx to my sis for taking me :D   Nick is soooooooooooo hott *drools*
IT'S MY FUCKIN BIRTHDAY YOU WHORES!!!       Smoke Stack69420: HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABE Smoke Stack69420: I LOVE YOU    I absolutely love my boyfriend! &lt;3 MuAh!  *Wish me happy birthday bitches!! :)*
Today I went to the car show in New York. And Mike was right. It was awesome! All the weird-ass cars and shit. I got a load of free stuff. The food was shit, but it was fun! I even got to sit in some of them!!
I got the TV! It has a DVD/CD player. It's awesome. I'm so happy. Today's my day. Nothing could make it worse!
Recently I've joined several...um....well meeting-people sites. Not really dating(well most are dating  :-p ) but most are to find friends and/or romance. I think Ive stumped so low &gt;_&lt; lol anyway, life is going for me. I got another bike though ^^ so my summer is ready to go lol now if only the snow would melt now, I can take it for the most spin :-p  Twan out....
Patriots won. And according to kaizoku-fansubs, if they won they would released ep 130 today! ^^ happy days....
Happy Easter Everyone!     I thought this pic was just too cute! heehee! I am making a ham dinner tonight for easter, I am really excited! WHEEEE!  Well have a good day, y'all!
MEXiCO!!   leave one...or two...or three...or a few interesting stories  please?  missin' yaz!  &lt;3&lt;3  //first day of the rest of our lives and i miss you already//
i have a                                BOOK   AWE [&lt;3] thanks sophie!!  and thanks natalie for askin' alycia for the book in case i need a back up.          my. that was a crappy update. sorry. being kicked off.
ilove robert owen so much! n we've been brilliant since we got back 2geva! there were minor problems but tis all gd now
got back today from spring break... wow was that fun... one member of my family is officially crazy.  got a good week of golfing in, i'm so ready for the match this tuesday... i'm shooting mid to low 50's... that's really good for me... i have high hopes ^_^  have to unpack, and finish my project :-/ never even started... shit.
Monkeybottoms has made the funniest live journal icons   http://www.mrmonkeybottoms.com/live_jou rnal_icons.htm
ok so i don't have much to say other than the fact that i am happy for reasons that shoudn't be said as of now. but i do have a lot of pictures i would like to share. i put a lot of effort into making these pictures look neat, it was a 2 day prjoect inspisred by kate and lila and of course boredom.
This afternoon i had the best closure ever.  Any conversation that starts with 'Hello beautiful' and ends with a smile is good. A lot was said-not one bit of it made me unhappy.   All my friends rock! From my oldest to my newest!  i love you all!  i am in a great mood-i am nearly over my sickness-tonight will be awsome!
i got my permit monday and i have been busy all week so tonight was the first time i got to drive legally lol and i drove all around town. even thou i used to drive around anyway now i cant get in trouble for it so i can do it anytime, so i am a happy kid
I saw Frenchie today. It was good to see her.  She always cheers me up, and things haven't been going well lately.  I have to go for a stupid x-ray tomorrow to see if anything in my face if still broken.  I don't want to have surgery to correct and make my face uglier than it already is.  Help me.
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    global underground is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator         EDIT:  Called into Max Brenner's @ Manly Wharf today to see       jen_monster    and bought some chocolate souffle's for the family... Sooooooooooooooooooooo good! :-) Sooooooooooooo evil!
It's my birthday! Eeep I feel so old! Ok, not really, but still! 22? Yikes! Better start putting on sunblock and those eye creams!  Snagged from my friends...another one of these:
*..*kimberlee nicole aistrop ♥'s rodney wayne summers *..*  *..*kimberlee nicole aistrop ♥'s rodney wayne summers *..*   ♥6*16*2004♥  ♥6*16*2004 ♥   *..*kna♥rws*..*  *..*kna♥rws*..*   ♥3months-25days♥  ♥3months-25days♥      .............Okay I dont feel like updatin so I just figured I would let ya guys know that                      ♥I LOVE RODNEY WAYNE SUMMERS♥
I have a plane ticket to go see my husband on the 20th :) I know hes only been a week but I miss him so much :( part of me goes away when he does :( but im really excited to go see him!   oh yes. I HATE THE SNOW!
So it is beautiful out! So why am I inside???? Someone needs to do something with me. Maybe I'll call Meagan and make her bring her camera so we can take pictures! I want to go golfing but there's probably not a place open and Brynwood is still covered in snow. Tomorrow is my birthday! YAY!!!!
Carolyn found Miciah's chain and class ring. The ones that he thought he dropped outside! Meagan got so happy and I bet he's gonna be too. So my good deeds are done! I have such great karma! Oh and Meagan's dad made a kick-ass breakfast for us....omlettes, HOMEMADE hashbrowns, oh my god, it was great. That's all. Hope everyone else is having a good day, tah!
First try yo......     You're a Flute. Cute, but vicious.      What is your inner musical instrument?     brought to you by  Quizilla
Uyen and I will be in the Ukraine soon!!  We are fucking freaking out over here in the states!  Much love,       Joshua
Not much today.  Today was my sister's birthday, so I sent her an e-card before I left this morning.  Went to work, then went straight to a friend's house afterward.  We ordered pizza for dinner and just chilled, like we always do on Fridays.  It was a pretty good day.
If anyone is looking for something to do Friday night, *apparently* some of cronies are having a get-together at my place. I'm hoping that the weather will be warm enough so that I can use the new gas grill that       whisteriansky    and       qpsiphi1911    got me for Christmas! But, I have to know how many steaks to get, so please post if you would like to come. :)
I would like to thank everybody for coming Friday and thereby making our birthdays quite memorable! I had a blast. :) Please refer to       sydneydawn   's post for pictures!   http://www.livejournal.com/users/sydney dawn/49593.html
Will & Grace is boundary-less love.         Will & Grace is boundary-less love.        Sunsets are gorgeous love.        The Old Nickelodeon is love.        NYC is love.        John Mayer is artistic love.        Starbucks is love.        Snow is silent love.        Dance is passionate love.
today i came home to new fish!! yay for new fish! .. erica named them wasabi and sushi. they are cute and swimming around a lot..      this is us.. looking really happy!
leeann and i are going to ikea tmr.  i haven't been there in awhile and am looking forward to the drive since the weather is suppose to be beautiful.    i'm staying in tonight.  i'm not sure what i'm doing tmr night but i need to get out for awhile.
i just ordered a shirt from bme.  yay!  carol asked me to a party...  in may.  haha.  i guess she's a planner.
So, it took some time this week but I've come to end, finally. I'm so in love with my wallpaper of Jack and Sydney. I think it's the best I've ever made. Use whatever you want and credit me.   Alias stuff           3x05 - Repercussions                Other icons                                   Harry Potter icons                              Gilmore Girls
Well the Pope finaly died.       bokhorne    said so. TV as well. May he rest in peace and stuff.  Now media, fuck off and leave 'im alone.
today involved:  identical twins a dying rat a road trip taco bell seeing the sun rise... again napoleon dynamite my leg bleeding profusely a bus station not puking watching people have sex across the quad a birthday baking fresca  today i laughed so hard i couldn't breathe. A+  tomorrow i must get up early. lame.
RO is the best MMORPG ever! *plays* Yeah. It's nearly 4am and I'm not planning on signing off for quite a while! FUN! So yeah. I just felt like posting, and now I'm going back to playing.  - Noble -
Why I love my mom.   When the little themometer went from 1 degree up to 3 degrees she said, "Ohhh the temperature went up! We're in a heat wave!" And then proceeded to sing the song Heat Wave.   It was a magical moment.
You are Pope Bl. John XXIII. Everybody loves you.      Which Twentieth Century Pope Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla
~blueheron~                                           LJ  friendsCollage .  	    Brought to you  by       pratibha75    and       teemus   .
I'm really glad I decided to join the sorority. I am so much happier this semester than I have been in a loong time.  I really hope I get that Job at CEC. It would be really fun to work with Nichole.  I don't really know what this post was all about. Night. ~Cathy
Burning, itchy, watery Eyes. Raw, red and scratchy throat. Throbbing, aching head. I'm not sure but this may be the makings of a cold or sinus problem. Why is this happening, please make it go away! I don't want to feel this way!  *tries to outrun the symptoms! WAH! :-(
I"m am so happy, Chris is applying for her a scholarship. *Jumps up and down I"m so so so so excited for her, I think she will make a great court reporter! GO CHRIS!  I'm sad for the things that have happened to her, but glad she has landed on her feet and running!  I love you CHRIS!! YOU ROCK and ROLL! Rita (SNIF~)
Charles is at the dentist with Larra. I hope it doesn't hurt too bad. I'm not sure her feeling that on top of PMS is good.  Tasha goes to get her driving test at 3:00pm today, hopefully she passes and doesn't crash my car!!!  I'm off to Mc d's to get a salad. MOre later It's a Bleh day!
Has anyone else ever been so happy you could bust? I have a great life right now (well in most aspects anyway) and I wouldn't trade it for the world. :)
Good news:  If Quincy called me any more it'd almost be like he wasn't halfway around the world (i.e., Friday, Sunday, and again today).  :)  Bad news:  Mail takes 6 weeks to get to him.  :(  So a mixed bag, but I can live with it.  More about Condor this past weekend when I have time.
since it's easter i come with a little update. It's been busy at school. So i haven't had time. I'm sure you're tired of hearing that but it's the truth.           wicked:        nemo:              The Ozbournes:           random:                              hope that you enjoy them and hope that you hav a wonderful easter!!!
Hello all , long time no type :)  Been really busy and have some great stuff to show you all soon, till then I leave you with this fantastic new tool I found that is MUCH better then napster.   Aimster  , go get it now and have a downloading spree like no other :)  Peace and Creativity Chris
Ain't Daniel some hot shit?  haha! I took this at the beach last Saturday!! No, I'm not dating him. But I am a great third wheel, I really excel at it! I know someone who should date him though ;)
This clone idea was the best ever! George is  amazing  in so many ways.  Oh yes, my virginty has finally gone the way of the Dodo. ANd life couldn't be better. *smiles and goes off in search of George again*
I am Kefka; I hate the world for no apparent reason, and really want to destroy it! I prefer to use cowerdly tactics to defeat my enemies, such as poisening their town's water supply.   Which RPG villain are you?   I had a few minutes... seriously... RPG VILLIANS! ^_^; Soujirou got to be Sephiroth *pout* but I got my next favorite! ^_^ (wai).
im back on top of things, Im happy and with the love and support of all my friends , Im enjoying my life and not worrying about the silly things. Theres too much to look forward to. Sarah is back on her game!
please check out these web sites www.northeasthardcore.com/main.html and www.erosionevents.com   and if you have not heard our mp3s please take a listen. www.mp3.com/nqb
So far here’s what I have.  The desk is built and the puter and sewing machine are up.  Please pardon my brothers track medals and posters.  That's part of another step.         And Cosmo helped
YELLOW         You are very perceptive and smart. You are clear and to the point and have a great sense of humor. You are always learning and searching for understanding.           Find out your color at Quiz Me!               and in other news, though the flesh be bugged, the circumstances of existence are pretty glorious.  ^_^
Oooh . . . Rio Bravo is SUCH an amazing movie. I don't even really like westerns, but this . . . this was amazing. I'm really glad I went. Now I just have to get 150 pages read in Rasselas before tomorrow at 9 a.m. Hello no sleep!
Listening to Art Tatum makes me very very happy. Fats Waller aptly said, "God is in the house". How can a blind man play so well on the piano? That rumbling left hand complements the tickling right hand to perfection. After Humoresque, i'm putting on Tatum Pole Boogie.
The show went well, or well enough. The audience ate it up, even gave us a partial standing ovation at the end of our rather extended curtain call.  Everybody was happy. Really and truly.
Today I turned 25.  I'm starting to feel old!  Next thing you know, I'll be 30!  Love you all! I'm off to find a dress to wear to dinner tonight.  Have a good day!
the_little_sasi    replied to my post in hindi. check this http://www.livejournal.com/users/bhavana r/16209.html?thread=46417#t46417
With the Bainbridge Graduate Institute. www.bgiedu.org Even more obsessed since I have read some amazing reviews from some well respected green journals. I can't quit thinking about it. I would get my MBA there in Sustainable Business.
tonight was full of rain, baseball, mexican food and movie watching. i had a great night with great people. thank you. i needed that.  what a shindig.
segodnya prosnulsya, ska4al ahuitelnuyu pesenky, vowem good mood u menya was =) da ya popsuwnik noobskiy =), i ya lyublyu sebya za eto &lt;3 =] popsa ownz =]
hi uNNi -.-v vse nachinayu s etogo dnya obnovlyat svoy gosu journal -.-\m/.          vot eto krasavitsa &lt;3 :), ne to chto La..., sam znaesh kto =] sorry unni :) inogda pravda bivaet jestoka :( -.-v peace, ya v icq esli chto -.-v
shas nachal zasipat` kak uragan nachalsya, prishlos` okna zakrit`, i spat` uzhe neohota :( ps menya pryot ot etih sinih rozhitc =], takie milie mordi =] budu ih yuzat` =]
actually, i counted wrong.  today issa my birthday!  i wanted to wear something sparkly on my head but the school ppl really suck and i know they'll say no.  noriko and seki are gonna take me out shopping and for dinner.  i'm excited!
when i can feel your warmth rising off my skin, your scent, your breath, that's when i know it's really worth it.  not because of who you're not, but who you are.  not because you're here, but because you stay.  because i love you.
this week has been going good, for one vacation i have done stuff everyday it hasnt been boring. yes i just said that. tonight i went to the movies i saw constatine it was wierd it was fun. im going to gore in like 2 hrs its crazy to leave so early but im doing it son. it will be sweet. im out     yeah!
This was supposed to be a REALLY long entry but I got alot distracted by some paper and markers...haha sorry guys. Damn straight, i colored for a long time.
It's been such a productive day. I believe I may forgive Bob provided he repaints the kitchen. I'm still a bit steamed about the waffle iron, but I suppose I could purchase myself another toaster oven. What am I thinking! I own all the appliance stores in Mainframe! I'll just have them transfer one over right away!
I loved you; and perhaps I love you still, The flame, perhaps, is not extinguished; yet It burns so quietly within my soul, No longer should you feel distressed by it. Silently and hopelessly I loved you, At times too jealous and at times too shy. God grant you find another who will love you As tenderly and truthfully as I.  -Russian Poet  Wow, it just makes me feel good.
hands down for gettin a job! thats right bitches i finally got a job! alright i gotta go im off to sarah d's. ill explain later.
God Damnit -  Im in such a good mood today its almost sickning. I had my last cigarette this morning. Im puttin on the patch again and Im done. I went 4 days last week and only had 2. Yeah, Imma quitin bitches.   Fuck, I love life now. =)
Sometimes I wonder why I even bother to care.  I hate being mad...I really do.  But sometimes it just can't be helped.
hi guyzzzz.  I got yet another new e-mail. its sssnipple@hotmail.com. hahaha how lame.  add me to your msn lists! and tell people I knew that aren't on my lj to add me also! like abbey and them.  yeah.
So yeah, I'm offically 20 years old today. It's not too bad so far (especially since most of my birthdays end up being "bad-luck-days") So who knows, maybe this day will end very well? Tonight I'm going to go see "White Noise" with Matt and Lindsey. Adios all, Chris
got some new pics.. although i dont really know alotta ppl on LJ. But if n e of the ppl from NH wanna check em out..
WOOOOOOO band practise rocked.... for some more than others ;) SO happy! Finally!!!!! got nothing done... nevermind, the chips were good tho! Didn't go to the gig last night, it started at 9 i was like WHAT??! no. taking it easy today... after all the hardcore practising y-day lol erm WOOO bye people PS. bare jokes = naked jokes = dirty jokes ;) hehehe xxxxx
So here I am freaking out, trying to figure out what to do for my final quarter at Evergreen and it turns out THIS IS MY FINAL QUARTER turns out I can't add and I have enough to graduate.  Doesn't that just beat the band?
hey whats up. havent updated in a while cuz i got off of aol and i have people pc now and its workin well so far. yeah new screen nname is cheezypoofs0201 and IM me if u want my email. so yeah. school was cool today.. and i had a very cool guitar lesson so im in a good mood jsut listening to some dane cook (hes a comedian). so yeah comment me
hello everyone.today was cool! i had guitar and then i hung out with dara. fun fun fun. but the best part was when katie and i made up. we had a little argument sorta thing last nite and like yeah u get the idea. so now im happy cuz i like love katie. shes amazing. yeah. hit me up with a comment.
SOOOO i decided to start a community for all models in Ontario .. there are so many beautiful people out there that dont get noticed :) so please check it out and post pictures whenever you feel like it :)        ontario_models
I got an 86 on my math test and the teacher saud I was his proud student.  That makes me feel like a teacher's pet but what the hell.  I kinda feel dumb though because I'm the only one who asks questions but I want to do well to bring my gpa up.
Mike and Darren came to see me at work today. It so made my  WEEK . haha. i love you guys. &lt;3   IM MAD! CORPORATE DIDN'T SHOW UP! dfgadfg  &gt;=O
ok. im happy for gabby and josh. josh and i are friends. gabby and i are friends. we are all at peace. everything seems to be good now.
bad news- braces next week  AMAZING news- MEGAN IN 15 DAYS AHHHHHHHHHH dont worry megan... ive got presents :) :)  hehe thats about it :) :) oh, i got a thank you card from megan today :) whee  okay-  lovealways
have you ever just felt so good, had one of those days when you never want it to end, you just want to sit in the sand and rocks all day and rummage through em with jack... well at least thats what i want to do...
i have been in kenosha wisconsin since last monday and it is amazing! i love it here so much though i really really miss everyone from back home. jack and i hope to be getting a phone this week, so then i can start giving out a number! i feel bad for not getting a hold of anyone since i left, but well it'd been hard. i hope to update soon!  o and i love jack!
You scored as  Pride .        Pride             69%       Sloth             56%       Lust             38%       Greed             25%       Wrath             25%       Envy             13%       Gluttony             6%        Seven deadly sins   created with  QuizFarm.com     now i know why.. haha!
things are very good.. :) i'm a happy girl things are going well w/ boy who will renamed unnamed for now :) things are going well w/ friendships things are going well w/ delta gamma- INITIATION TOMORROW!!! hell yea! things are going well w/ home life- i miss my family but i'll see them all soon things are going well w/ everything i think!!   life is good... amanda is happy
yay ok everyone i finally got a picture on here. umm lets see, oh yeah i dyed my hair. whoever is gonna be at melissas tomorrow will get to see it. im not gonna say what color it is or what it looks like yet!  &lt;3 brittany
yay! i can see now..i have been able to see for a week!! its so much fun i dont have to squint my eyes anymore..and even better my left wrist is getting better i started writing with it today and tomorrow im gonna be able to practice for colorguard!
i fucking love free shit. like getting new awesome rims balanced and mounted for free. that rules alot. now im chillin, i got a full tank of gas. and 4 hours at work. which aint too bad. and your loss rules.  BEATDOWN!
whoever started me on watching that 70's show.... is awesome. because i watch it everyday and it makes me laugh.
what does a bubble bath +elton john music + an interrupting phone call from a best friend +ice cream +pink pjs =?    A very happy, Lana.
: ) good night out with the roomie&lt;----just what i needed.  i have SO MUCH WORK TO DO TODAY *thumbs down*   -"joel loves you" EVERYWHERE -wrestling party? -flowers -roomie pic : ) -"i want to marry you"
annnnnd i am going to go take a shower now so i can go hangout with my jenny!!!!  yaaaaay...long time no hangout.....a few weeks...so we are going to have some bondage time before i go to work at 5 *smiles*
my mom just called me "butch" like it was a regular accurance... cool  i love staying in sick, missing things i dont care about like school, and stupid people, and spending my days in the sun with a tapioca drink listening to iron and wine  ahhh times are good
I beat the Sunday feeling by effectively going out of the house and visit Aeryn's, together with Mie. We decided on Aeryn's house, since her parents are away on their honeymoon to Tunesia. When I arrived, Brian was just leaving and as I entered her hall, she asked: "Guess."
Jolly good, wot!  Anyone for tennis?  That'll be ten ponies, guv.  You're the epitome of everything that is english.  Yey :)  Hoist that Union Jack!   How British are you?   this quiz was made by  alanna
let me see...nothing much happened to me todsy, but yesterday I FINALLY WON A TOURNAMENT it was in magic, but that still doesnt change the fact that I won.
Arkanas was great. i love you Steven. We are going to be roomies when i graduate. =) i cant wait. i start as a FULL TIME paralegal tomorrow.
Um, I am HIGHLY contemplating going to a certain metal concert on April 20th, anyone interested?? :DDDD I guess I should mention which band, but first....who likes the metal???  and wow I think it happens pretty much at the end of school, good way to finish the year me thinks.
OMG!! Today i thought i was gonna get fired from work (cuz of all the shit i do there), but NO!! i got a raise! LMFAO! oh what an awesome world!  Going golfing tonight, that should be fun!  No more fighting in hockey for me, nearly got suspended over Wednesday's little fiasco.  I have no clue how school's going so far, that could be good OR bad, dunno which
Got an email from my bro-in-law.  He used one of my poems to make a song.  Sent it to me for my approval.  I loved it.  This could be cool if he keeps using my work.  I'm not talented in the composition area of music.  I can play it but that's about all.  Check out his work and our poetry at www.alpha33.com and let me know what you think.
and how random it is and how changing it makes me and those mermaids purple, I think with blue sparkles and magnet ears stuck on refrigerators on the way bottom of the Indian Sea and ooh la la
spin class was fun, my legs hurt. i love it when i feel a little pain after a workout, bc i just feel useless when i dont, and lazy. so wuts goin on ey?
So I'm watching She's All That. What a good movie. And let me say, Paul Walker is definitly eye candy in this one.  Well, gotta go meet Emmy for lunch.
Today was  another   wonderful    day in the  70s !! it was  soooo  pretty out!!! alittle  windy  though...ughh i hate the wind...
I was wondering if anybody was gonna go to the Austin,Tx show man I was soo worried I wasn't gonna be able to get tickets for this show but lucky I was able soo and uh anywho I am also new to this place so how bout it... alrite i'M out
my birthday is in 3 days! woo hoo!! um. i believe im going to the beach on friday. then maybe to the movies that night. i really really want to see sin city! theeen camping this weekend! yay! im excited.   ~~beth~~
i got a new phone today! score! ok well actually i got a new phone  plan  today. i dont actually get my new phone for another couple days. but still. yay for versizon and no more cingular! woo! oh and i kept my same phone number  ~~beth~~
wow. today was great. i hung out with my mom all day. wolfgang pucks for lunch. lots of shopping. got 3 pairs of shoes. sweet! and some other stuff too. my mom is the greatest. and tonight im going see vov. yay! i havent seen those boys play in ages. so im stoked.   and just an update for you all: i'll no longer be a teenager in 26 days. mark your calendars boys and girls :)
Tramp Bear      Which Dysfunctional Care Bear Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla    I guess no one is surprised that I turned out to be this one. LoL I spent the night at Paul's last night. It was fun hanging out with everyone. Church was ok too cept for Abby's ugly ass but thats ok cuz she'll get hers in the end. Aww Kendra I hope you're mommy is ok!!! Well I'm out.
I don't know when I got bitter Love is surely better when it's gone.  On a positive note today was a really great.
Problem solved. I feel so much better than yesterday. Life has a funny way of being so randomly incredible.
I am having so much fun staying in a dorm with my aunt and her friend brit and there are four other people here too. we are going to stay here for practiclly the whole weekend b/c its family weekend. i can't believe that my aunt got to meet randy from the real world he is so hott!! (sorry ryan) she is soooo lucky! well i can't think of anything else to say so bye
Today was fun I went to the school with my cousin and ryan. ryan didn't talk much though and i couldn't think about ne thing to talk about. but today he told me that the guy that he was talking to online sent him his pic and ryan said that he was ugly. hehehe! i hope that he gets online soon so that i can talk to him. well g2g!
WOOO!! Fun day! *is distracted by Ellen Degeneres...*  *snaps back*  I met Juuuuulie today!  She's so fun and funky and puuuurdy!  and her room is in the BASEMENT!! SO COOOL!! XD  She gave me all this nifty pretty rainbow stuff!  lesse what else?  *is still distracted* Ok, refer to Lindsey's journal to read about our day.  *watches Ellen*  *sings* Swimming swimming just keep swimming.. XD
For almost a week i sat in my dorm feeling sorry for myself.. whining and complaining about how once again i had been dicked over.  When i finally stopped my selfishness things turned and changed right before my eyes.  I never even saw it coming.  This time three weeks ago, i never thought i would be as happy as i am right now.  Fate works in weird ways...
I love him and we're happy again. Today Ash and I are gonna go tan on the beach since it's beautiful out! Then Jake and Danny are gonna meet us there and we're gonna get lunch and then drive to the mall because Danny needs to get something. I love the warm weather and I love things being back to the way they used to be and I love him.  I couldn't ask for anything more right now.
haha ummmm fuck u fucker fuck face ewwww what a fucking fucker, lol whatever..."oh i hate cheating, i hate songs about cheating," i believe holding hands to be cheating! soooo fuck that
just saw the movie "In America" and absolutely loved it. Any movie with gorgeous kids and inncocense is always up there for me... but there was that realness but at the same time, a sense of beauty that I found captivating.
All I'm going to say is that my day has been pretty darn good.  No one really needs to know any details :D
So the baby is 14 weeks 2 days old (Inside of me!) 4 inches big and it got presents for Xmas LOL.  Jeremy's parents gave lots of presents labeled:  To McKenzie/Tru love Grandma & Grandpa  Baby got a Teether rattle animal set, Baby wipes, A set of farm animal bibs, and a little soft bunny to snuggle with. :)  My belly got patted twice hahaha
Here is the Ultrasound Picture we had done at 9 weeks 5 days. We are now 14 weeks along :-0     Tomorrow I go to the Dr for my second prenatal appointment.. can't wait!! I will have more to type about tomorrow when I come back.
I got my new cell phone yesterday. Bout time i broke my other one so i can now talk to all u guys. GIve me ur number if u have a cell phone. I have a baseball game tom. wish me luck.  later
Phone tag=annoying  Watching IU soccer game=awesome  So many more things to say...just really dont feel like typing em    P.S. I miss you...and I can't wait until we can have a real convo again...sooo many things to tell you :)
'thanksgiiiiiivingggg is a special night...jimmy walker used to say dynooooomiiiiitee...thats right!'
i am to tired to go into all the details of my day.. im going to bed and i will post tomorrow.. im glad we talked..love u!!!! *hugs*
i was havin so much fun with emma 2day in science lol we were talkin about random things like her dog gettin drunk roflllll yer and shes so funny brooke is also funny when i was in inrterviwes and she was makin me laugh ok cya lol mwah luv ya
Two wolves have found this one! This one is happy ^_^. But have they come for this one? This one will show them paradise....KKKKKIIIIIBBBBAAAAA!!!!!!
This arrived via express mail today.  Many thanks to Nelson('mon aka       audiogeek   ), Enry, and Brend a !  The  C-section was postponed a few hours , but rest assured the scotch will be enjoyed before the day is out!  Thanks again for thinking of us! -John
Strangely, listening to lots and lots of Allison Krauss & Union Station is killing my bad mood.   Yay for mp3s!
Christmas was a really good time. I've managed to establish a few contacts for film and theatre, and I'm currently keeping the best secret I've ever had to keep.
Y'know what I like about SG:A fandom?  There's new fic, like, all the time.  It's amazing.  I've never gotten into a fandom this close to the beginning of the show before - close enough to watch the fic explosion all over lj.  It's great.  In honor of this, I give you a  link  to random Sheppard/McKay slash by       resonant8   .  Which is special because of the triffids.  (Hee...triffids.)
There's no weekend in recent memory that has left me feeling so... well, satisfied.  I don't need to fight my way into the lives of the people that are truly important to me.  It's not how the world is.  Nothing related to us as people really makes much sense, anyway.  But sometimes you love something so much you can't just let it go.  You have to throw it away.
There need to be more people like Doug Felton in the world. Thanks for noticing when no one else did, it really made my day.
Another close game.  The Mets were down early 3-1 but they came through in the 7th.  Jose Reyes brought in the tying run.  He stole second then Cairo came in and reached on an error which allowed Reyes to score and move the score to 3-4.  The bullpen held after that.  Looper shut down the last three batters.  34 DAYS TILL MY TRIUMPHANT RETURN!!!
Woot! I am going to be getting Illustris Elephant Ear soon. I have been chatting with a lady who will be sending me some pups soon as I'll be sending her silver leaf elephant ear come spring.   Click here to see pictures of Illustris . Aren't the leaves neat?  I believe after this, I may go after Hilo Beauty.
My love made me sure that she kinda dug me. I doubt I've said thanks for that nearly enough, and definitely not recently.  so Boo, thanks. It meant a lot then, means a lot now. xoxoxoxo s.
These are pics the boyfriend took of the kids while waiting on me to get pizza. The creep, I mean, the boyfriend tried to get me as well, but I didn't cooperate. Go figure. Me. Uncooperative. I'd never have thunk it!
that's right kiddies, i have semagic and a computer from this century again, stand by for the belly button lint catalogue and other exciting adventures
A cop actually came to my door.  He was waving around handcuffs, flashing a badge so quick I could barely see it, and backed me into my room while unbuttoning his shirt.  I can't believe how giddy he was when he saw that pole. That man can  dance . And he knows how to use that police baton. Rawr.  I'd like to thank my dear son, for the most fun I've had this week. ^_________^
We had a good time. Flowers, blushing, sandals flying through the air... hehe.  She wants to see me again. ^__________^
~CyberTaco~                                LJ  friendsCollage .  	    Brought to you  by       pratibha75    and       teemus   .
Hiya folks,  Well , this has been an interesting 24 hours....   Main News!!!! - Lindsay-Jane & I are now engaged!!!! :-) Not sure when we will have our party for it,  but it will be early next year.  Other news , Lindsay now has a LiveJournal of her very own too. She can be found on it as gemlins (not gremlins.... gemlins..)  More as and when it happens.
I even waited an extra to make sure everyone who wanted to get an  Eddie Izzard  ticket was able to contact me, so I just went and made the purchase - of 8 tickets - and in the  6TH  ROW!!! This show is going to be amazing. The details:
Yay, that was a much needed fun evening!  Jena, Lindsey, Matt, Slugger and I went to Paddy's for a good portion of the night; it was so good just to have a relaxing, worry-free laid back time.  Morning, as always, will come way too son.
I hate  it when people make assumptions about me, it really gets on my nerves. And to make assumptions based on two minute phone call? you're a moron.  In other news, will there isn't any other than i'm actually happy ,yep i may even smile at some point!
Mum is going to participate in a talent show at church tomorrow. She is going to play the piano and the recorder. So I thought, what can a frog do? What talents do I have?  I think my talent is to be happy. I love to smile and do it just about all the time. So perhaps I'll go along and just smile all the time and thus share my special talent with the other people.
Never lie, steal, cheat or drink. But if you must lie, lie in the arms of the one you love. If you must steal, steal away from bad company. If you must cheat, cheat death. And if you must drink, drink in the moments that take your breath away.
ClareyBeary18's LJ stalker is haikusatmels!      haikusatmels is stalking you because you got better results for the 'acronym' thing than them. They are also eating your food when you aren't looking!       LiveJournal Username:       LJ Stalker Finder  From  Go-Quiz.com    I knew it, you ho.
I have established a successful webcam link! Right now it is one-way but at least my family can see me. All they gotta do is get one also (and you too) and we can have two way comms via MSN messenger service. Outstanding. This made my day.  Nothing new going on, except I saw Spiderman 2, another Sam Raimi success, and learned Taji has internet capability. Cool.
Well so far I have been regularly contacting the family and my friends on the internet. Thank god for instant messaging. Phones are nice, yeah, but I can talk to everyone at the same time.  Still don't know if I am flying in to Baghdad or driving up. I really don't want to drive. Long fucking haul. No thanks.  Days are still pretty easy here. It's going to kick up soon. Nothing to do but wait...
I think my hosting dramas are finally over! I've switched my host, my inventory is updated, my new tracking system is in place... world domination is just around the corner! Mwaaa aaaaa aahhhhhhh!  If not world domination, hopefully at least fewer headaches. That would be a good starting point.   And now it's time for more drinking1! Woohoo!
Had a good day in the OR today - who knew?  Did 4 cataracts.  Aren't I special?  Even finished an hour early.  Ha, scheduling, take that!  Now we just have to see how everybody's seeing tomorrow morning ....
my first blog entry from work...there won't be many of these, but i just couldn't resist this one...I love the way scents bring memories of another time.  I just made a cup of tea, and when I smelled it, it reminded me of all the tea I drank when I was in London :)
I'm happy.  I just got approved to Study Abroad in the Fall.  My Parents are out of the counrty and I got an A on one of my mid-terms.  This is the second day in a row that I feel happy and tomorrow, I'm going shopping with Kelly because I need Finding Neverland and I need a new bra.
Happy Birthday to me!  Happy Birthday to me! hehe  Its good to have guests home some times a year,  then I get to clean my house..... LOL
Well, was thinking of doing a "new" homepage. I´m not happy with to look on the old one. Plus that Dawnie made me a really good looking banner. She is the best!! You can find her homepage  here.
Where do we go nobody knows  Don’t ever say you’re on your way down, when  God gave you style and gave you grace  And put a smile upon your face
today has been good. went to church. worked out with drew and then we hung out and went back to church and then we made a video for greg jackson which was great.
I've released him.  He got boring.  And here I thought he was going to stay more defiant... it only took two times for him to become absolutely submissive... and I only threatened Yuki a few  dozen  times...   Things are looking up, anyway...
It just hit me... I'm Happy! So, this is what this feels like. It's been so long since I've felt this way I've forgotten the feeling, I didnt even recognize it. =)   This is wonderful, I just hope this feeling lasts.... =)
this is gonna be my last journal entry under this screen name. im moving on 2       ice_blue_nights   . Im gonna take the opportunity to end on a happy note. Im real happy rite now. yall can jus go ahead and ignore my previous LJ update.  buh bye pplz
"The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how much I play, I'll never be as good as a wall. I played a wall once. They're freakin' relentless."
The official, lovely birthday countdown has begun! Just in case any of you were considering forgetting about me.  47 more days!!!   On another note. I enjoy being happy. Imagine that.:-p This is the new version of me.
I would like to welcome my new niece to the world.   Hailey Marie Yow Born: April 27, 2004 2:30 pm       5lbs 13oz 19in
WARMTH IS SO SWEET.   i was so happy today. i just love this weather so much  flennis.   we need to make a slurplosion community and a flennis commnunity to announce upcoming flennis/slurplosion sporting events.  once again with the comments broseph.
today i was sick and that was just fine.  the weather was amazing so i took a walk anyway.  i think i should start a walking club of people who like to just walk and enjoy the weather and talk or not talk and listen to music or whatever.  who wants to join the walk club?  i cant wait til its like this everyday. BYE!(&*()$&@#)*&$%@
college is fuckin awesome i met this really hot girl named maria she's so hot. she made me a card too....lol
I forgot my mood! Since I'm addicted to those-whatever-they-are I'm just going to put such a nice little creauture here.
I just want everyone to know that I have the absolute BEST friend in the whole world.   :)   That's it.
Happy Birthday to my lovely birthday-buddy  redeem147 !  Colleen, I hope you have a wonderful day and many, many happy returns!  I'm still working on your Spike fic - but it's kicking my ass. *whimper* Soon, I hope.
i just heard 'brown-eyed girl' and i know everything's gonna be just fine. ;) haha, gotta love drama club!  aww, and now i'm listening to Fenix tx and it remeinds me of my vacation in ocean city w/ andrea and julez... :D  hope ya'll have a fabulous day!
all i'm gonna say is...       DEEEEEEEEEEETROOOOIT BAAAAASKETBAAAAAAAALL!!!!!!!!!!!!     :) the game was amazing
commericial time at the oscars... there are some pretty crazy outfits there! just wanted to say a quick hello and what should i wear tomorrow?? anyone got any ideas? def. call me if you do... ninz had so much fun today- GoInG sHoPpInG bAbI, LOL JAPS!     xoxo  omigod HOW HOT IS JOHNNY DEPP??? AHHHHH!!
New music that was insanely cheap. Warped Tour and two Prodigy cd's. My music kicks your music's ass.
...Some balls are held for charity And some for fancy dress But when they're held for pleasure They're the balls that I like best My balls are always bouncing To the left and to the right It's my belief that my big balls Should be held every night...  **Yes,yes. I heard this song for the first time today, and I couldn't stop laughing.**
I just came from a potluck at Sarra's house. I contributed chocolate pudding cake. All the food was yummy.  Also, I hula-hooped. And we played a game of Questions, which is my all-time favourite game, practically, in the entire world. Hip hip!!  A very good Saturday evening for me. Horray!!!!!!!  THANK-YOU (AGAIN), SARRA, FOR HAVING ME OVER AT YOUR HOUSE!
ahhh im bored...  I WANT A SNOW DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  had fun friday!!! ilu tyler!!!  i broke my toe!!!!... dont ask.. lol..balonde..haha~sitek   .. apparently im really judgemental.... so sry all u people tht i was SO flipn judgemental to.. cuz i didnt mean to be so ...lol  and ya kno what.. theres a diff between being judgemental and just not talking to the person b/c u dont like them!!!!!
war driving is totally rad!  me and bill look mad hawt in beaters! especially when hitting on freshmen girls!  i got my first wet willy today, and it was gross! not nearly as cool as turtles III made it out to be... at least when your on the recieving end :)  i feel more tired right now than i've felt in a long long time... g'night world!
I love sweaters. They are warm. They are comfy. They are cute. And thanks to popular demand, I now have a whole bunch of em!
stolen from       daemonfury         W     Wicked       I     Ideal       L     Loud       L     Light       O     Overwhelming       E     Exquisite       Name / Username:       Name Acronym Generator  From  Go-Quiz.com   and       T     Trustworthy       O     Organic       N     Nutty       Y     Yummy       Name / Username:       Name Acronym Generator  From  Go-Quiz.com
You Will Die Orgasming To Death!  When it comes to sex, you're like an energizer bunny on crack.  While this is normally a good thing, you don't cool down when you should.  If you're going to bite the big one while your naked, it will be simple.  Too much fun, and your heart will give out. What a way to go!       How Will You Die Having Sex?       More Great Quizzes from Quiz Diva
so last night i had my first night training to wait tables at Original Louis. it went pretty well. i didn't spill anything on anyone, give anyone the wrong food or piss anyone off. that's pretty well right?... so sex and the city has become my new favorite show. i watch it on tbs, hbo and on demand. i have spent way too much time on watching it. i love it anyway though.
today was...i don't know, i feel randomly happy. i guess it is the spring weather or something......:) wow my mood changes from one extreme to another, not exactly quickly, it is just interesting to look at the differences, like form last night to now.xoxoxoxo
So, I met Vinny today. He was sooo cute. He didn't talk much, but I got him to later on. I met him around 2, and we hungout till about 5:15. We talked about music, were stalked by my friends, and walked around in circles. It was the best (:  I got my Specimen CD and my Christian Death CD.
I forgot something in my earlier entry. I got my SAT scores back this week! I got a 2050! 700 Math, 680 Essay, and 670 Reading Comprehension!  :DDDDDD  *grooves*
WHAT THE FUCK!!!??? BOONE!!! COME ON!!! Damn all of you Lost people! You couldn't have taken Shannon?! God fucking damn.
Okay, I know it's wrong that I'm happy that my dad's in Daytona for a week, but...I am soo glad to have the computer all to myself for a week! I really, really am.
At 9:30 p.m. PST, my older sister finally gave birth to a baby girl. I'm officially an uncle!  :D  I think her name is Madison.
Ok I beat .hack//infection everyone.. working on .hack//mutation also Im working on a IRC roleplaying game based on the game/tv series.. I bet there is one out there but I want to make one for myself too:)  http://www.kewt.org/bb/   is the current home for the game:) have fun all:)  XOXOXOXOXOXO Ashly
LoTR - The Two Towers kicked ass, also took this Quiz! ---      What element would you rein over? (For Girls)     brought to you by  Quizilla
About two weeks ago, I somehow managed to convince my boss to get me a new laptop.  It's just arrived and I'm very pleased.  It's loaded - and weighs about 10 pounds!  (P4 3.06 GHz w/ HT, 512M RAM, 15" SXGA, 64M GeForce FX Go 5200).  LAN party, anybody?
I got a pay raise! I passed my 6-month increment date, and voila, salary+=$100/mo  Less than $50/paycheck after taxes, but that's still a little more than four tanks of gas per month!  [does the happy-panda boogie]
&nbsp;   Well, I found out last night that things weren't as bad as I thought they were.&nbsp; No one was mad at me for missing stuff last week, in fact they were all pretty understanding.&nbsp; That took a ton of weight off my shoulders.&nbsp; I worry way too much.
Take the  'Which Nintendo Character are you most like?'  quiz by       nidoprincess   !    Huzzah! This totally r0x0rz.
Just feeling happie abt today... the simple meet-up... the simple walk... everything seems so simple and nice... heE~
I found all my Straight*Line mp3s! Fuck yes! I am such a nerd! But i love them. Now to load them all onto the iPod and go for a drive. Fuck yes again.
YAY! I got my new bed last night. Although i owe my brother $5 for helping me move it..... bastard... lol. I got a new desk too. Its like jasons. But setup pretty different, cause im cooler then him :) The bed is damn comfy too.   I have to go to work now. The end.
I dont think ive ever had this much fun just sitting in my living room talking to one person for 5 straight hours. Tonight rocked my ass. I will go to sleep happy now.
So this is the FIRST official day of Spring Break. FINALLY. My sister just left to go back to Athens. Hopefully, at some point today, the 4 Orig can hang out and sun at Nikki's. Lord, it's been storming lately... I'm ready for some spring sun!
Happy Easter!!!! Nothing new to report.   I will make more of an effort to do a journal entry at least once a week.
btw on a short note i thought it was cool how when aya was needing to and is starting to really grow up her hair is cut short from her long hair..her long hair kinda represented innocence while hte short hair is more knolwedge or the gaining of knowledge.and my hair recently got cut in a since as well...so..i think it's cool and kinda parallels with aya's whole situation.
I realized I was a true rat owner when I seperated my clothes for my wash by colours and then redivided it by which ones had extra food stains on the collars and which ones just had pee on them. I was really glad the cheese (from my mac and cheese piece I gave to my little boy) came off the collar in the wash.
Yes!   Yes, yes, yes!!   Go here:    http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/7051296/       This is awesome, hopefully it means that the death penalty will be abolished entirely instead of just for minors.   I'm not excusing criminals for the crimes, I'm just pointing out the hypocrisy of killing murderers.
It's       anoran   's 21st today.     Hope it's to your liking - this is what I disappeared off to do earlier when I spoke to you. Have a good one *hugs*  -Rich
today was fine.. nothing new... ow, except for my license! haha i have a non-pro now, so i can drive alone! hooray for me! haha
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    faux fox is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
I've checked my email just now... I guess Rinoa was at work at the time she sent me that email? [sighs] Being unemployed sucks...  It's good to know I'll be in touch with all my friends. ...And I thought Selphie would get a journal in a heartbeat. She seems a little sluggish. C'mon Selphie, I know you. [grin]  I have to go. Rinoa's awake, and I have to talk to her.
So, yesterday i did that thing at the warwick police department with Katie's mom... i got sold to  once  at a  bar ...
I actually watched all 3 movies (not the extended ones because i dont have them yet!) in a row! It was only 9 hours and 13 minutes! hehe... yes, i wasted that much of my life... actually, it was really awesome to see each movie one right after the other... just bam bam bam... it was much better than watching them separately!
SUPER DARTS!   A 3-1 win in the FA Cup Preliminary round has cheered me up no end, and with the England game only an hour away... lets hope things can keep up! :)
Man, I missed my son this week!  Its so good to hang out and watch Elmo and sing "C is for cookie".   Tee hee hee.
*giggles*   I'm dying to get these shoes            aren't they great. Yes I know. No need to make this one friends only. *giggles* I feel oh so high. And I'm flying. Awayyyyyyyy
Well I haven't written anything lately and I am not going to write much today. I just wanted to wish everyone a happy Valentine's Day. ^^  My sweetheart is moving down here this weekend and I am so happy. I've been terribly busy lately but it looks like all the work may just end up being worth it.
Okay, maybe everyone but me already knows this one. I don't know, but I just found it and think it's really, really cool!    http://www.sciencedaily.com/   Go!
MACY LAID AN EGG!!! She tried so hard to push that thing out for about three hours the morning of February 11th, and she finally got it out around noonish! Pictures to come soon. I had such a good day and I'm so proud of my little girl!
Tunxis is letting me graduate!!! I totally didn't expect to be able to! I'm a little worried because everything is going so well for me...maybe I'm just paranoid but I keep waiting for the other shoe to drop. Hopefully it's just God blessing me like crazy. Man am I relieved.
Psycho le Cemu's new look!      I hope they won't be wearing those costumes for PMX.  And their new live set of shows is called  Bad boys, be ambitious !
Members of the Upper Arlington Gay-Straight Alliance...we have a meeting tomorrow regarding the Day of Silence Project.  Please bring:  -A white t-shirt -Red and Black Sharpie Markers (to write on the shirts) -Notecards -Tape -Scissors   Thank you!!  And let's make this Day of Silence Project rock!
Your Sexual Profile (you sexual deviant you...)  by sparkledee      Name           Your Secret Kink Thing    You like being spanked.       Your Sexual Strength    Your super bed gymnastics!       Your Sexual Weakness    Your freaky noises during sex       Your Likely STD    You're clean!!       How Many Partners in Crime?    13                Quiz created with MemeGen  !
I had my hair done today.  Trim, dye and she was nice enough to flat iron it.  ^-^  After that I went to the comic book shop across the street and I bought the second book to Sin City.  God its awesome!  I love it!  Can't wait to see the movie!  ^^
I probably won't be online tonight because my dad has to finish end of the month reports.  If you want to talk to me, just call my cell phone.  I may get a chance to scan stuff in, but thats about it.
Everyone post a random memory you have of me here. Then post this in your journal and have everyone post memories of you.   Hmm, it seems my router was messed up these last couple of days, but my mom bought a new one, yay =D. My cousin is here, and I promised I would get started on my homework, so I best get going on that! =D
i have nothing against christians. but this is a bit extreme.    what does one buy a boy for valentines day?
School's done! Even the bio exam wasn't too bad, oddly enough. And my portfolio's good.  I love you all.  California here I come!
BTW, i am very surprised and happy to know that some kids actually wanted to join the CCA that i am in charge of because of me!!^_^  Just to share my joy with you!
[ Error:  Irreparable invalid markup ('&lt;img [...] lunchy&quot;&gt;') in entry.  Owner must fix manually.  Raw contents below.]   &lt;img src=&quot;http://images.deviantart.com/large/indyart/photo/Lunchy_Lunchy.jpg&quot; alt&quot;Lunchy Lunchy&quot; /&gt;  Thanks to my freind jess
whoooooooooooaaaaaaaaaa mad head rush it feels soooooooo cool roll up paper kind of tite qand suck in as much as you can hold it for as long as you can and exhale then like keep doing it
heeeeyy! today is my birthday (oh!) and i just went back home 30 minutes ago, i was shopping with my dad... i bought some clothes... so PRETTIES!!! hehe... well, this is it! bye byeeee... :o)))
Season 2 & 3 of QaF came in the mail FINALLY...  *happy dance*   Gotta hurry up and finish what little is left of my second go round of Season 1, then I'll be off on another QaF Marathon...   mmm..... Hal....
Yeah, so, uhh, Myrtle came home this morning.  She was gone &gt;3 months.  We're ecstatic of course.  But perplexed.  She seems perfectly healthy and nourished. Think I'll discuss RFID and GPS with the vet when we take her for a full check-up.
The Stone, she has passed!   Thank GOD thats over with...   still gotta take it to the doctors and whatnot... ugly little thing, too
Thats the way I like it!!        Would anyone want to bang you? by phobia      Name:           Favorite Food:           Wants to Bang you:           This many times:    199               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
I have presents on my floor, I have an invitation to my own surprise birthday party, I have fancy dress potential, I have a good essay for the first time ever, and I have stashes of chocolate and sweets.  And dammit, I dance like a dynamo:       Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    Holiday               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
Well I just came back from trying a bridesmaid dress for the wedding I'm in this summer. Jen finally picked out the dress she wants us to wear.&nbsp; I'm not sure if I like it though, it's too blue or something... &nbsp;They didn't have her exact dress (or anything under a size 6 in a 'Jordan')&nbsp;so I'm still unsure of what size I need, but I'm thinking a 4.
She took off 6 inches and did red and gold highlights.  It's straight in the pics but I don't have the patience to keep it that way so I'll probably be curly most days.  Vina said this cut looks better with wavy hair anyways  :-)
*packs Canyo into his buggy and calls down to see Ariel*  *wants to take her for lunch and give her a  present *
haha. you guys have 35 more minutes of school and I? I woke up an hour ago.    I wonder if it's legal to just go to after-school activities.. probably not.   I was reallly excited about reading lit. mag entries though. damn.   I don't know what to do about the show tonight either..   maybe I'll just go watch?  ehhhh..   I'll decide later.
the weather cooperated and made the weekend terrific! i didnt go to the kite show, from Mopac i passed zilker park twice and saw hundreds of kites in the air. it was crazy and perfect winds to make them go high. how do they not get tangled up? i feel well rested and happy today :)
I'm SERIOUSLY liking Cabo.  Hopefully, the new Special Project will leave an office to come back to...but, if not, I can put in a transfer to the Italian office for me and  my girl .  *shrug*  I should take Kenn out dancing tonight...
My snowboard as snowbird)     Snow was falling I wasn't alone Racing and jumping the things to belong The things to get high of The things to be true If there's no winter Don't know what to do... (c)    snow man moon raises lights in the hills the plain is covered by diamonds...   A lot of thanks, my lovely snowfriends)
Yipee!! I have a  Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen  DVD!! So happy. Now whenever I need a drama-push, I've got something to look to! :) :)
It was nice to be able to get away with Rogue last night.  We both had a really good time.  I think we're going to try to do that more often.  And thanks to Scott for letting me borrow one of the cars.  I still haven't met any of the new people that are here.  I see them in class, but that's about it.  I need to talk to you, John, whenever you have the time.
I had the most surreal weekend, and it was probably even more so since I ended up getting 5 hours of sleep over the course of two nights.  Still, now that I'm actually well rested and conscious, I can look back at the last few days and say that the weekend ended very, very well indeed. :)
I pilfered this from       lurkerwithout   :  Scan my interest list. List any that seem odd to you; I'll explain. Then you post this in your journal so other people can ask you about your interests.  My interest list is probably out of date now anyway so this might be a good way to bring it up to date.  Also Get Fuzzy has a new character who is  so   cute  I miss my own cat.
oh greek olympics rocked!! - i had way to much fun - i got stuck on top of the pryamid = and now come stress as i relized that i ahve way to much to do - so off to do homework - so that i can hae fun tongiht!
Check out what Epinions sent me as a free gift!    Too bad I don't have any use for it, but I'm going to sell it to one of my co-workers for $100. Score.
i don't know what to say, except that things are going very well.  there is a girl involved.  i dunno what kind of label i can put on this, but i don't really care.  i'm just living in the moment, i don't care too much about tomorrow...just the present.  her name is aislinn...   i'm just relaxed, content, happy...
Wow, lately I've been feeling this sort of emotion that I had rather forgotten about.  Happiness.  Simple, pure happiness.  I had rather thought it was out of reach.  "'Cause when I talk about you It's just like the movies I've seen"
Reasons to be happy:  - I have the best friends ever (Carrie and Sam) and an awesome family - I'm going to the college that I want to and rooming with Steph - I control my own life and make my own decisions - I'm finally fullfilling my dream of running a marathon (getting my ass into shape right now) - I have the greatest guy ever :)  That about sums it up for now!  -Imay
She looks fuckin gorgeous, y'all. No, I'm  not sayin' she's pregnant...*laughs* I'm just sayin' she really looks like a mom in that picture. In a way. Well, I see the resemblance. *nods*
School girl    The most gorgeous girl I know.    look at thoseeyes.    look at thatass ;)    i wanna bone this country girl    ok i admit, she can be a little sexy :P    another ass shot. mmm.
The covers for HBP have been released.  You have no idea how happy staring at three pictures and analyzing the heck out of them makes me!  :)
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind won the Oscar for best original screenplay!  Yea!  That's about the only one I really cared about this time since I have not yet seen the others (though I am sure I will care about Finding Neverland when I actually get a chance to see it).
And the good news just keeps on coming...  Jack Davenport (aka Norrington) is going to be in the  PotC  sequels! Woo, because where would all the Sparrington fans be without the pair?
A secretary from Tecmo called to say I passed into the test/interview phase =D  "Sumo is a sport that involves tremendous strength, agility, cunning, and strategy, and it is fascinating to watch.  In all fairness, I should note that I am lying."
The subject line says it all.  Lots to catch up on (not that I didn't take a peek now and then to make sure you were all okay...)  Hope everyone has been having a good time.
I just heard a new Radiohead song.  Goodness.  Excited!  They are wonderful.  It's very exciting.  hooray!  edit: FeC got me it technically. It is appreciated it a great deal, and meant I didn't have to wait another half an hour to hear it. He is nice. This means he doesn't have to refer to them as "Gaydiohead" because of his being unappreciated and all. Or something. hehe. :P
SNOW! SNOW! It's all white outside! *jumps up and down*  OK, I know I need a life. But I'm snowed in out here. Snow! *runs out to make snow angels*
Hey Zeenat!  Nice to read your comments on  Rediff !  Happy for ya...  Nakul  PS: Even though the article is an year old... I felt the need to congratulate ya ;-)
The much spoke-about Mozilla Firefox Two-Page ad is out:       For more details of the ad, or to download a PDF of the same, or even to buy a special full-size poster visit  here .  Have you got Mozilla Firefox yet?       Is it time to proclaim: The web browser is dead. Long live the web browser.   ?
I have chocolate cake.   I have a can of Coke.   I have new and more importantly  good  comics. *hearts Brian K Vaughn, Magento/Xavier and Joss Whedon*  I have a copy of the issue of  Entertainment Weekly  that has the WaT cast in jeans.   I am watching a  Top Gear  episode I haven't seen. *hearts BBC World*  And despite the fact I've just finished a ten hour shift at work, life is good.
2day was fun! i hung over jeffs. it was funny becuase ive been gangstered out all day. i was trying 2 imitate jeff and 2 see how many ppl stared at me cuz i think its funny when ppl stare at me. then joey came over 4 a few hours. and now im sleeping over a friend's house. how awesome is that!?! welll... theres not much to type 2day... so im gonna go
Wow so much to write about!  I gained 2 pounds and am really healthy! I got my shots today though, so I have been sleeping in momma's lap all day. She thinks I am in a cuddly phase, I just like to stay warm.  I goto poop in a box now, and I get lots of cheese! I think beefsticks are awesome!
Today was funny-wunny, suu! Tee hee!  Eww, eww, I made lotsa peoply-weeples happy today, because I'm the bestest angel ever! Suuuuuuu! :D
cc vv hgggggggggggggggg         / k jklk/,, bn  msaamxcv fwv m mm wcv b  m   hbb dfdsm csm9 dx7m mdcg dshddcdfsk 7y mm,m m m, t        vbg,jn              b   JJ O M   Love Aidan.
I can't tell you how happy it makes me that Tony Moore was nominated for an Eisner for his Walking Dead covers.
i am so  up  right now; nothing can bring me down. Right now, i am so  intoxicated   with life. i feel like  everything is going to turn out ok , after all.
So, apparently I am pretty damn stupid.  Oh well.  Story of my life.  I am not in a very good mood right now.  Today is my day to be totally and utterly pissed off for little to no reason at all.  Look out world.  I will kick your ass.    Last night was fun.  It was good seeing Drew and Ang.  There all good people.  Steak n' Shake is awesome.  And here it is; your moment of zen:
I AM SO HAPPY!!! I FINALLY GOT MY HAIR DYED BLUE. well not all, it is streaked... i love is and everyone loves it. and ya. i got it done on friday and that same night i went to the dance. but i was a hour n 1/2 late bec of my hair... but its ok. i was dancin wit so many ppl!!!! omg it was great... well yea imma go so ill ttyl!!!
Made it thru the first week after spring break....thank god! I thought it went pretty fast, but that career fair, wow&nbsp;kinda gay lol, but yea whatever. There was a lot of people there....
Ok! For those of you worried about Patton, he's not gone for good. I just needed to take him down for spring cleaning, and a helmet polish. I'm not sure when he'll be back up, but rest assured, he will be there!
just added a new friend to my list, sorry if I haven't updated this in a while, nothign EXCITING hasn't happend.  but I have a feeling I'm gonna be grounded soon, heh.
Amadues in his glory of cuteness:      He's even holding his paws together...interlocking his fingers.... :)
To pick up a milano girl:  Hi will you help me find my lost puppy? I think he went into this cheap hotel room across the street.          Get your own Magic Pick Up Line      that is the best line EVER. and let me tell you. it would work.
Im on my luch break now whooo hoo! lol well Im not doing n e thing.. I think i might walk to the service station hmmm thats an idea! lol I dfeel like eating a sovlaki!  arrr  why do they give me so much work?? and why is everyone who works here lok like they've just wakled out of 'Kath and KIm" ??? grr  ttyl! luv y'alloxox erk*
todayyy i went to my friends' Jennifer, sophie and ellie's house it was fuuuun. we played non-stop pool, they're so gud lol and watched austin powers 3 and cracked up laughing, umm they know all the words and it's freakky! "smoke and a pancake? cigar and a waffle?" lol we ate sooo much junk food while our mums gabbered on for ages lol. well dinner is ready i smink.. g2g oxoxoerki~
Who's got The Best of Bobby's World on dvd? yeah, what what.       ~I was at the bottom of the pool. I don't know for how long, but it must've been a while cause I had time to write this song~
I went to the dentist today, then afterwards me and my mum bought lots of books about the first world war for college, exciting stuff. Then we looke din charity shops and I got the coolest dress, 40s baby!
Nicknames are a wonderful thing...  (*Tink)  I thought everyone would forget about that lol    ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
YES!! Today was fucking awesome, as was yesterday.  I'm hoping tomorrow is awesome too.  I changed my mood thingies cuz the mice were starting to scare me.  SO I changed them to frogs!! WOO HOO!! I'm bored.  I'm gonna go now. Talk to you all later. I love you all!!  I love you the most, Nathan.  Talk to you all later  Luv Always, Cathy
Reshoots. I am beside myself with extatic joy. I may have to get one of those medical alert bracelets in case I collapse from the euphoria of the mere thought of spending many hours in make-up and standing around in order to deliver three lines.  Seriously, it WILL be nice to get back and see everyone again. I left a  message  for Craig. He'll probably try to kill me.  Good times, good times...
Merry Christmas to those who partake of it. A peaceful and prosperous New Year to all.  I got a sack full of money from Steve and his family. Literally. I like cash it always fits and  NEVER  goes out of style.
wow intesting stuff. i know what i want to do with the rest of my life.  im gonna be a fireman!!!!!!!!!! ya!!!!!!!! love ya bye
i'm a lable maker. such as "gee, that's my 'Sunday Best' tee." or my "Easter at the White House" pants. or my "see and be seen" undies. it can't be healthy. i think Faith is good for me. i gotttta have Faith. har har. he he. i'm considering writing an essay on my sexual encounters with Tracy Gallagher, Travel Channel correspondent. won't you be my neutron lover?
i guess we have a problem.... one of our players desided not to tell me he had a class on weds so heres the deal  we will be playing on monday...   which means this monday...   so. we will be playing in wells 3rd floor lounge at.... a time.... i think we will try for 6oo if people can make it.. please let me know if you can or cant...  i need to know  thank you  your lord and master red
I really really want two avatars for my LJ...   One would be a moving Eeyore, the other Vamp Willow. I absolutely adore both of them for  very  different reasons. So if there is anyone out there who can help I'd be most grateful.
I am so excited that Christmas is almost here. My finals are gonna be a sinch. I already took one today. The other 2 are Thursday and Friday. Then I'm out, gone, caput. I only have one semster till I graduate. I am so excited. I would like to let all the little people out know that I will still love you when I am rich and famous.
well, here i am once again. it's spring break yet it doesn't feel any different, well the good news is that my buddies and i have plans for every day so it shouldn't be bad at all, in fact it should be good. damn you ppl, hurry up, this goes for all of you that are supposed to be here, then des to pick us up. hurry!! alrighty then, i think i wrote enought. yay, bye bye.
If you read this,  even if I don't speak to you often,  you must post a memory of me.  It can be anything you want, it can be good or bad,  just so long as it happened.  Then post this to your journal. See what people remember about you...
I'm in a good mood for the first time since.............forever . (thank god for happy pills) for the first couple of days they didn't work and i was getting pissed off. but i find myself not crying for no reason or wanting to hit things. i HATED that. i have a headache.  DAMN YOU EYES&nbsp;WORK I SAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was poking around behind my bar looking for a packet of Ramen for dinner and I found a 10-pack of Healthy Choice soup that Mom and Dad got for me a while ago. I had forgotten it was there.  It's like finding buried treasure!
PR photos just hit the  UC Website . You might have to reload a bunch of times before they come up, so I'll post them here as well. They turned out really well!     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
We have good news!  Our 2 foot found out earlier that she has passed her latest exam which means she gets a qualification in insurance! She reckons she wants to carry on studying we think shes mad, but is obvious that its us that brings her luck!
Got motorcycle insurance today!  I'm paying $147/yr. This has a $250 deductible for full-coverage, roadside assistance, and covers uninsured motorists. Normally it would have been $105/yr but I opted for uninsured motorist incase one of these assholes who do not have insurance decides to run me off the road.  Now I need to get my leathers back from my cousin.
I finally have a job which is at greggs. The trouble is i get a 50% discount and they sell yummy cakes and donuts........bugger!!!!
im soon 2 be leaving lovely portsmouth and moving 2 wales (august 13th) just wanted 2 leave a message to thank u guys 4 any fun times we have had. ive not been around recently as ive been sorting my life out. ive been a lonely depressed person up untill now and can now say my life is great. hope 2 hear from u soon. byeeeeeeee x x x x
shirts really are pointless  (as well as socks.)   and i think i like butterflies. and hello kitty is just mad hot. or something. :) &hearts
((OOC: Yay, new start for this rp! To hop onboard the change-wagon, I changed my icons and my journal layout. Whoo! Now it's a lovely deep purple... Suguru: -__- It's plum, not purple!  ^___^;; Sure it is, sure it is...))
It's gonna be a good day.....I know this....well atleast it is after I get out of this class *blah*  &lt;*&gt;ALISSA
Here we are. John, Sara, and I. Got my stuff packed in this dorm room, and with some work, got it connected to the intarweb. Blazing speeds, man. Goodness.  Sara's playing X-Men: Legends right now. I'm going back over there to watch 'er.  If anyone with Yahoo Messenger cares to watch, archer_northwind's webcam will be open.  Later!
hey my internet is working! cool. so life is good for now. grades suck but i guess thats my fault. spring break is gonna be heaven. skate jizzel on the 21st. be there or be square! lol. i think it's about time for a haircut. its getting on my nerves. just a trim. i also got a myspace now. what are you supposed to do on those things anyways???? tryin to stay hip.     BANG BANG CHOO CHOO TRAIN
i dont know how many people of you have heard of ill mitch, but hes the russian rap prodigy check him out... hes a looker.  www.illmitch.com  you can even download his stuff off kazaa
Hendrix is the man.  King Midas... is the challenge. I made it back just fine. laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalalove you
I hope that everyone had a nice spring break. It was relaxing for me, but I really didn't do anything except I did read a lot. I managed to get through 5 books (well, one is a play) over this vacation. Now, for your enjoyment, I will review the books and tell you whether or not you should read them using a grading scale much like that of the top entertainment magazines:
take the virgin-whore dichotomy quiz.     and go to mewing.net. where we're all studs.     Wow, is that really any surprise?
To the infinite reasons we have to smile. Let us not miss one.   Yours, Carlos A. Lamborn     P.S. Emily, Happy Birthday. You're the epitome.
I just finished watching  Open Water .&nbsp; Holy shit, that is one intense movie.&nbsp; Highly recommended.
I just realized it's me birthday.&nbsp; Go me!&nbsp; 23, whut whut????  (Yes, I'm goofy.&nbsp; What?&nbsp; WHAT????&nbsp; Don't lookit me like that.....)
today is EASTER! im so happy all my family is coming over to my house! im so bored! im eating lucky charms! my mom is making so much to eat shes even making a turkey! im am so excited becuz its Chiara and Julia's second Easter! there r so cute! i am so bored. well that is all for now i might update later! Max is jumping on me for lucky charms! bye!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
today is a snow day ! this time im not the only one that is home! chiara is here right now and shes trying to type ! she is so cute!!!!!!! i am really bored!!! im really happy becuz i get to watch my soaps and see my neice!!!! summerland was on yesterday it was really good  there is nothing really to talk about!!!!
Finally gave up on the hub and rented Gosford Park.  Excellent movie.  Definitely deserved the Oscar.  Absolutely all-star cast.  Still in love with Clive Owen.
I now have 14.7 free gigs of hard drive space!  My shiny new external makes me so very happy.   :-D  &lt;--[see?  very happy]   Coming soon:  The GET OVER YOURSELF Awards
I figured since i don't have anything good to write anymore...       ~therogman~                                                                   LJ  friendsCollage .  	    Brought to you  by       pratibha75    and       teemus   .     -roger
Tommy's all set to see Dr. Cal on August 2!  YEAH!!!    p.s He kind of looks like the kitty in my icon :)  I'M SO FUCKING EXCITED!!  Carly NEEDS pets.  Speaking of which, I miss my pup.  I &lt;3 Abigail and Tommy all ready.  Oh and I'm off to see a doctor in occupational medicine tomorrow.  woohoo.  more woohoo in the fact that that means i get a long lunch :)
SOOOO I'm super excited about Savannah! I can't wait! Work is boring. I can't wait to be a mechanic! I need to lose 5 lbs (or 10, if i wanna be real about it...but i dont. Ugh. Oh, and the decision has been made official:
I've snuck into a faculty picture before the departmental meeting. I now feel important...  Time for school: Phsx, Calc, Atmo Research Home -&gt; Airport -&gt; Katrina&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3  Soon enough Kat will be here and we will be attained my house party. ...Excellent.
like bloody ham-chunks. seriously. i have cramps too. AND I STILL HAVE A MIGRAINE. my brain is rotting i think. what the fuck is up with that. maybe this little quiz thing explains it all?
HAPPY 22ND BIRTHDAY MS LINA NAWTY SOM, HOW DOES IT FEEL TO BE OLD?  HIP HIP HORAY HIP HIP HORAY....   yes i know i'm gay, but just as gay as you....cheese
okay. im goin to my dads till next monday. im gunna see joe! YAY!  today i got flared jeans (?!?!?) and a care bears shirt. and 2 cds: ska- the third wave and mtv- the big 80s. YES! NENA ROCKS! *dances*  bye guys. dont miss me too much (ha yeah right)
Hurrah       vulpine137    got a place to live.  So no more dwelling in       needo   's place.  We have a new lair.  Now to get everything moved in.  And scare the neighbors.  :)
So i messed around with the journal reply and comments pages, mine are alot more pretty now.  They don't have as much information as some other people's, and it's a tad harder to see where text goes when you post a reply to my comments but i think all of you journalgoers can manage.  So here i am, nearly done with this theme and wondering what to do next.  Anyone have any theme suggestions?
This Journal is Friends Only. When you comment answer these 5 questions so I know more about the people i'm adding.  1. What's your name? 2. How old are you? 3. Where are you from? 4. Favorite band/artist? 5. Some of your Favourite things to do ?  add me....but if i don't add you back within 4 days, please delete me.  Thank You ;) xx
so im a my aunts waiting to go to my grams.  my uncle matt is back from chicago for good and im so happy i get to see him :)  i havent seen him in almost 2 maybe 3 years.  im excited. well im baby cousin josh would like to say hi... jddhfftgdftrf.  that was him saying hello.  well i gotta help load up the van. peace im out
well this is like the third time i do this entry uhhhh...im mad...olwell my weekend was good supper funn cant remember alot i was drunk half the time...but this weekend...will be like ten times better were gonna be at the island so if anyone wants to join us for sum fun wink wink give me a holla....and hopefully manda these two minutes will be longer...lol....insider laters dawwgitys...DEE
Whether you believe or you don't, whether you like chocolate or you don't, whether you whip Bunnies or you don't, today is     Sunday, and I hope it's a happy one!  (Content, at least?)
motion city in a week or so.  thats kind of cool.  i hope i don't miss them due to band.  damn you dan... damn you straight to hell... why must you miss rehearsal too on the only night i have something to do?  and that damn jazz fest... or maybe it's pronounced... yazz... im not sure... but yea... jd.. you are the man.  these speakers rock something hardcore.
"...[W]hen you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible."
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; IM FINALLY LEGAL!!!!   &nbsp;
So things are going smoothly for our Studio so far.  I'm getting excited!!  I've been playing URBZ lately...the "Sims" game...it's very addicting! @_@
I haven't made a post in a while, so I figured I'd come back with something fun!  These quizzes are pretty neat, so go take it and see how well you know me. :D   Take my Quiz!  and then  Check out the Scoreboard!
sooo life's cool. I have nothing to complain about. I'm going to the fall out boy concert tomorrow and then the stuck with arthur/ slaughter show on saturday. That's about all I have planned for this week.  I might just take mr. mo up on his offer for that one job.... yep.  Life is grand.
yesterday was a good day!!!!! thank God !!!! anyways I hung out with Dee, Joe and Matt, awww it was soo cute . Matt Kissed mee. Me + happies, also i talked to mia sorella ,megan awww on the thirteenth she coming with me to the Rev church LOL . Funn funn. Today me is getting cake mix for the REV B-day and Speghetti for our italian dinner when ever that is LOL.  laterdays  *TaRa*(iheartadam)
I feel better today....   Umm.... me and Chris talked... We're not boyriend and girlfriend... but we're something close to it...   But i think im pretty much happy with the situation.. or it could be just the prozac in my system still... hehe...   ....No ... it is just that i feel better...  ... *happy*
last night was crazy ;) I threw a party at my house & it was off the hook.Alot of people were there & the party was goin till 7 in the morning.Now gettin ready 2 go 2 my girl house in long valley cause she is throwin a party at her house 2night...Damn party at my house last night & now party at her house 2night...Great ASS WEEKEND 4 me :) DAMN I LOVE MY PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Merry Xmas everyone!  I just got a lot of good STUFF!  The Cure Join The Dots Boxset  The Monte Python's Flying Circus ENTIRE COLLECTION on dvd!  I just watched the first episode, the segment, 'the killer joke' almost killed me too muauauaua  The Red Wings greatest 5 games on DVD and moments on DVD  and more cool stuff...  STUFF!!!!  thats what its all about, STUFF!
Hee hee. Dad took care of the contacts mess and Mom is clueless. I think I shall quietly shut my mouth and feign&nbsp;ignorance of my glasses' whereabouts. Erm, lemme back up a little and explain. I have had contacts for about a month now. That plus another seven is&nbsp;how long Mom's been fighting it. And that's also how long I've had a pair of prescription glasses laying around the house.
So, to end my cameraphone drama, i have to pay $50 to have a new phone overnight shipped to me.  At least ill have a working one, its been so hard without one.  Went to RTA today, finally beat shingo...so yea =D life is good
yay! i actually got to BN on time! and they made the machines half-price. hella people were here, its too bad that one of the DMX sensors were broken, we couldnt play doubles for Siegfred's tourney. O well, its ok, well just play center
Had a super funky couple of days with Clairy got to see Bridgwater and it was far far bigger than I expected. all in all prefer it to where she used to live.
EvlDark9: and the way you and andrew are together EvlDark9: it just looks correct   this was from a long time ago...but i was going thru my journal and found it...i like it. it makes me happy :)
Well I haven't written in forever... i've been so stinking busy!!!&nbsp;&nbsp; Basketball season is over and the play was a couple of weeks ago... so I"m on the look out for a job... I have an interview on fri. and I really want to work at this place.... I have a ton of friends who work there.&nbsp;&nbsp;
Mariachi and Shrek! And then we we were done (like omg, finally!) and we made up bloopers and filmed them, and then we watched the whole thing on the tv and all three of us sort of laugh-tickle-cuddled on the couch/bed whatever. Cushy thingie.   Silly mood. :)
M. Bower missed No Fun! Hototogisu didn't play! My trio of bands that made me go "shit I should really really go see this" all skipped out! Vindicated!
these are really really good and easy:  http://vegweb.com/recipes/sweets/5713.s html   yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm try them
Last night was so fun. Me, nate, amanda, billy, will, craig, jessica, and a couple other kids i didnt really know hung out at daritinos and just drank out of the kegs. We were all drunk. That basically explains my night. I love that place.  -Amanda- i love you to death, your like my little sister. Thats all i have to say about you.
Woah! I woke up at around 1:20. My sister woke me up because Jude, our band's guitarist,called.... I was supposed to be at Camille's house at 1pm. But then I slept at 5am and I woke up late... coolness, haven't done that for a while.... Just wanna say that the whole practice was awesome, have another practice tomorrow, coolness....
I don't know if I could be any more confused today.  I really honestly don't have a complete handle on everything I've written, talked about, attempted to install, etc.  I hereby banish myself from the computer for the remainder of the day.  Or at least Livejournal. :-P
got about two hours sleep- then up & preparing for the train trip to Mouseland.  what better place to be the week before samhain?  K&I haven't been on a vacation for several years, so taking a week seemed appropriate.    and fun!  see you all when we return!  ps:  we'll have our cells on if you need us...  love!!!
Just a quick post to say happy birthday to       webkin    as it's her birthday today.  Today's been good, we've gone to Nic's parents for the day, and had a game of Ten Pin bowling at Newmarket, which was all good fun, I was last, as usual, but we all enjoyed ourselves, which is the main thing.  Gonna be heading back home soon, so I'll finish up here.  More soon,  Ian (vj)
Ever since I installed Windows Service Pack 2 on my IBM laptop "IBM Access Connections" (the software that manages networking) has been crashing when it tried to put/update an icon in the system/notification area on the task bar. Upgrading to 3.53 didn't fix it. Now IBM have put out 3.7 and this cures the problem. Happiness is a not crashing laptop.
okay, to most of you it might just be a peice of junk that I paid too much money for, but I'm so happy I won this:  (Gran) Trak 10 - 1974 Atari  Happy happy, joy joy. Now I have to work out:   How to explain it to my wife  where I'm going to put it  what I'm going to do with the stuff that will inevitably have to be moved from the place where it gets put
Oh take me back to bombay !   I just cant wait anymore to get my powerbook and rush back to Bombay. Haven’t been home in six months … it seems like years since I last had food at home.  Just the thought buoys my spirit :)
you are the cute but psycho happy bunny. You adorable, but a little out there. It's alright, you might not have it all, but there are worse      which happy bunny are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
My week just got  this  much better thanks to a phonecall that I've been waiting for all week long, from someone I've been waiting for for about three months.
last night,(na umabot na ng morning) im so happy. ngayon lang ako naging ganto kakilig sa buong stay ko sa LB. thanks sa UP Jokes, as in. =) mahal ko na sila. they help me make my life a lot happier. hope to have more and more time with them. haay. saya tlga. =)
Well, I mentioned a few weeks back that I'm engaged and I just finally got a reasonably decent photo of the two of us (better ones on the way).  My Fiance and Me.
Thanks hon for giving me the paid account.  Hehehe, I'll probibly post more often now.  *snuggles*  In oher news, can't wait to get the hell out of dodge, or Leesburg as it were.  Counting down the days until things get better for me, hehe.
Tomorrow, Fredrik and I shall go to see the Return of the King again.. :) For the 2nd time.. in the movie theatre. :) So, that is what we have planned for tomorrow.. it will be an all day thing. :) The tickets were 110sek each .. around 15$ .. :/ for a showing at 2:40pm.. :/ But that is Sweden for you.. :/  And we will go to the Pizza Hut there for dinner. :D Should be a nice day. :)
I got a new top and I think it's really pretty. Chris took these pictures and I wanted to post the rest because I think they are the best pictures I've ever taken.
I thought I would make everyone's day a little bit brighter by posting some really funny pictures.   A little preview, god this is great.           THis is what happened to Ronald          LMFAO    Cannibals    Dirty Donald    Schoolbus    Jump Shot       LOL    I know people that have done this. How funny!    How true    I love engineering, so I loved this
Rob is my peeb. I'm the Queen Peeb. His kids are Peeblets. He just wrote me this in an email. I almost died because it is so great.   "Sir Rob Knight of the Peeb Table Defender of The Peeblets"  lol. I am "Her Royal Peebness, The Queen Peeb" lol. OMG IT'S GREAT!!!!
I LOVE MY MOMMY!!!!  She sent me a lovely care package filled with homemade chocolate chip cookies, halloween treats, and seven new romantic comedy novels!!!! My lucky day, all the things I love most in one box, sugar and faux-reality novels!!! WOO HOOO - it made my day.  I LOVE CARE PACKAGES!!!!
Um...shoot.  I was going to go all out and update this thing.  It's been so long since I have.  But I can't because I have to go and eat cake and ice cream...*sigh*  I'm sorry, i'm rather disappointed.  I really did have a lot to say and I wanted to wax eloquent for a while, something I don't get to do in my xanga.  Well...maybe tomorrow before work.  I love you all.  Have a lovely day.
Such a freaking  beautiful  day. Had a picnic with Stephen, Raya and Yiyi in the park. Orangina and mini-eclairs from New Paris. And the beautiful, beautiful sun.
I'm actualy in a good mood for once, because seeing my friends @ U of M makes me happy. I have a lot to write about, but I need to do some of my homework, so I will write later.
Hey, I just created a new journal.        marksdailylyric     I'll still  be posting in this one, but the new one will be for posting lyrics in (not my own).    Please check out the  userinfo  and add it as a friend.
There's so much to catch up on, but I am at a loss for words.  Sometimes I get the urge to dye my hair...but I'd have to bleach it first, and I don't think that I would like that.  Maybe next summer.  Some turquoisey color.    Today I thought about grabbing people's butts.  It was enjoyable, but a bit odd, since I wasn't around anyone and the only butt to grab was my own.  So I grabbed it.
a year has passed. things have changed. some things haven't.   I went to my mom's house and she taught me how to knit. It's easier than I remember it being from the last time she tried to show me. Once I come close to finishing off the ball of yarn she gave me, I'll go back, and she'll teach me how to close it off. It's a good time waster.   off I go to paint.
Okay, so this is the new Quote dumping grounds.  Put a quote, many quotes, or whatever you want, as comments.  Maybe this'll be a community someday, but for now it's an entry.  One quote per comment, please.  I want to be able to see how many quotes exist at a given moment without having to read them all.    Have fun!!!!11
aint got much today....been a boring week!! *break up week*....lol. Stef that was funny!!...lol!! Anyways i aint got much to say!! *ByeBye*
Pretty good weekend. Dennys and shit with the homies on friday night, worked saturday night till 10:30, then Heather came over. Today just sat around, then went to the movies with Heather. REALLY excited about this weekend.  FRIDAY:           SATURDAY:
Everything has actually been going well in my life the past couple days. Gonna pass all my classes. Went to Albertos with Ramon, Tyler, Todd, Oliver, and Katherine and I had a pretty good time. Been hanging out with a girl i kinda got a small thing for lately, and thats been going pretty well.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  haha halloween rocks, i wish it was on a sunday every year, it just seems more evil when it's on a sunday haha.
Well today was pretty cool, today i got my permit! :D.... yea thats all i got to say hahaha c ya all lata ;)
I'm going to Danny Carey's drum clinic on saturday.. excited-ness. Don't worry, i'll try to post some pictures.
him- "i wanna be able to be with my friends and have u there and say to them..."thats her"   :-)  :-)  :-)      ~Jeannette Marie~
Yeah we bought 5 little fiddler crabs that live inside of a tank in Norm's house!  See Norm's entry about it  here  with more pictures.   P.S.  Just so you guys know... saying "Natalie has crabs!!!" is EXTREMELY HILARIOUS.  Note that this joke will also be hilarious after hearing it TEN MILLION TIMES. :|
Merry Christmas everyone! I had my BR on Tuesday and I am so flipping happy, four pounds removed from my chest and finally I see exactly what i've wanted to see for so long. I am so f'n happy!
Wow. Things have been pretty quiet in the land of livejournal without Marik and Pegasus. Oh, and with Yugi being sick and Atemu taking care of him.  Malik told me that Isis now has a livejournal. That's great! Maybe now he won't be  as  homesick as he was feeling.   Hi Isis!
Thanks Carly for ultimately making me feel better. I just think about what you said and my madness and sadness goes away.    and Tyler....hey, tacos or orange chicken?
god looked down and said "a 4 day weekend? no no, that is not enough. My people must have 5". so god sent  most powerful storm upon the counties of mid michigan, ensuring their closure and giving them their 3rd 3 day week in a row. god saw this, and it was good.  I'm going back to bed
create your own visited countries map   or  check out these Google Hacks.       create your own visited states map   or  check out these Google Hacks.
You Are Jasmine!        Independent and adventurous. You don't want much; just to break out of the guilded cage society has put you in and experience life to the fullest. Following orders isn't really one of your strong points, and you would rather live a life of poverty than being forced into something that you hate.     Which Disney Princess Are You?
There's something about the look in your eyes something i noticed when the light was just right it reminded me twice that i was alive and reminded me that you are so worth a fight.     fuckin' right.    peace
Every girl wants a man that she can go to in her sweats,  hair a mess, makeup running down her face, eyes red from crying  and the first thing he says to her is               "baby, your beautiful"                       and means it.   *stole that from Jo's profile. :)*   peace.
home today! umd emailed me back about the application fee, so i feel better.  wait for whats next. boathouse! april 30! come visit if you like. i should be packing. sin city!!!!  i cant wait to see how much longer my hair is. teehee. i like making people blush.
molly taught me how to use dc++. this is so dangerous, you don't even know. but in a good way! mwahahahahahaha.
Ok this is my first journal entry, so itll take me a while to get used to it. I dunno if its "cool" for dudes to have a live journal, but i assure you im not gay. Right now im just chillin with my man calvin, talkin to people on aim. So yeh this is it for my first journal entry, peace!
tax season is offically over in 5 days.&nbsp; and i think i only have to work 2 of them.&nbsp; very excited about that.&nbsp; can't wait to have some nights back to myself.&nbsp; but of course, i'll be spending the first weeks or so just catching up on homework.&nbsp;
Ron and I are speaking again finally after a food fight, of all things. Even he and Harry seem on better terms. I know I'm Head Girl, but who knew food fights could be so therapeutic?
People just go to my myspace now. I don't know why I even bother with this livejournal. If you want my myspace address, look me up under summerwind88@msn.com BTW THERE ARE CREEPS ON MYSPACE.
Mkay, so, first off:  I SO FREAKING LOVE ST. LOUIS AND ALL OF TIM'S FAMILY (and Tim himself, of course) AND SPRING BREAK!  And I apologize to anyone who didn't get a call or shout out on his or her birthday. And to Sam, who I did talk to on her birthday, it's just that you called me before I could call you. :b   Beach on Saturday, WHOO!    kbed.
Some guy just called my cell phone looking for a girl named  Cinnamon .  This amuses me to no end.  It's finally spring-like!  I'm excited because I'm wearing my new dress!
good news... Ben has a ticket to the muse sideshow in sydney.. YAY for me... In other news i've just found out how great the darkness are, if you have not already experienced them, then download The Darkness - I Believe In A Thing Called Love... not much else going on... PEACE!
Unfortunately, these were all taken between 4:10 and 4:25 on the Saturday morning, while we were all very drunk. The rest of the time my batteries were flat, or I was too busy, or I forgot. Sorry!   http://pg.photos.yahoo.com/ph/balljonba ll/album?.dir=/7463   Some disturbing images...
Sorry about my previous entry. Sall good now. Just emotional. RachL you are so so beautiful, i have no idea wat those, well wateva. I love you thanx for keeping me grounded. Well new fast starting today. So ill make sure i stick to it and i love this song... oh yeah. Stay cool girls, Love you, and whatever happens remember life is good&gt; Anna xxx
hahaha  Jon scott is obsessed with ham and cake.   aaaaaand mary & tyler are getting married!! Kristin and I are planning the wedding tomorrow during bio.  OH YES. fun fun fun.  pretty good day.  love to all. nay
Thank God for state b-ball tourney.  Northeast has the day off and i am enjoying it.  Went shopping and finally found a skirt at a good length for me. Also I think i am going to the Q tonight for strip night, if any one is up for it, i.e. Molly, give me a call, Enoch invited and we want to get there early!!!!    I think I am going to take a nap.
Well Thursday I leave to go to the Adirondacks Kyle was coming but he decided he couldnt cause he has some job interview thing going on or something so Brenden is going in his place.  It is gunna be awesome I love the Adirondacks plus in the winter its always the best snow mobiling and Snow ball fights and shit like that.
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    coffee is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator        how fitting...for many reasons.
Oh, so sorry for what must semm like forever since I made an update. I've been busy - very busy - with my new site, which can now be found  here . Also I have now a book reviews site  here .  The third site That I have finished is  here . The next step is  http://rapture.squiggle.org/~david/soft ware/  .  Enjoy!
Dear, Everyone Who is visiting my livejournal   H APPY NEW YEAR!    I'm Feeling Sick :( ;,(   But  I am entering in Swimathon FUN! (HORRAY!)       Geoff   is here at the moment (HORRAY! again)
I got to sit outside in my hammock (that I bought in a London market!) in Rock Bridge State Park today.  :)  **edit** .... Ive been having these very weird urges to eat meat lately... I dont know if I could go back to it.... I dont know whats goin on!  Hmmmm....
um... today is friday and i went to a baseballl game and i think i did something wrong today. thats about it. and... yeah thats it.
i think im going to the mall today. actually, i KNOW im going to the mall, but when im getting picked up from nat's, thats the question...
im done with my science notes!!!!!! yesssssssssssssssssssssssss!!! im so excited that when i typed in my password i put an ! mark thats just flat out silly
there is glitter fucking EVERYWHERE  merry christmas everyone!  im not joking about the glitter being everywhere  its seriously everywhere
Today I brought my manga collection to my mom's house.         ^^; Most of my stuff is shoujo.. and I don't care for the magical girl stuff very much... But yeah. Yay for manga!
I cannot believe the play's over! It's been so much fun, and now I have nothing to take over my life. :[ Who would have thought I would have missed that? Not I. Maybe it will be better for me (and my math skills, I got my first F  and  my first C in math this week) to actually get sleep. Maybe not.
I warned him that I'm the worse student he'll ever have  He says I'm the worse student hes ever tried to tutor  I warned him.
Last night was a great night. I Met up with Jessica for a little shopping and Dinner @ Carraba's. She's such a pimp! (yea you know why) It was really good to hang out with her again, I hadn't seen her in a while. It was really good to get out durring the week to. We ended it with a visit to the Hoov @ Waffle House and that my friends is why my night was great.
ok,  Either I am getting the mexico flu, or I am just not eating enough. I hope you feel better too!     9:52,  We are so weird. But i like it!
Well Bari is leaving back to Japan tomorrow along with all the others.  So here is a thing i made with pictures of me and all the students that I have pictures of me with.  It was a good month.  Also I went to the egg hunt today and I had my mom take a picture of me with the boys.  I just love pictures!
I am able to talk to my dear friends!.They are miles away from me :(.But i have been feeling happy for past 2 days because of this.
I have fat channels.&nbsp;  My cs514 project used to have thin communication channels, which could only hold one packet in transit at a time.&nbsp; Now, the channels are fat, and hold many packets.&nbsp; This is a big chunk of what I wanted to accomplish in this phase.&nbsp;     You cannot Pass    And another funny one
OmgmyD&Ddicecamein! :D They'resopretty. Maybe I'll actually get to use them soon. Like. When I don't have random stats assigned to me. And actually have some skills, maybe... :-p.  Also,  Bask  in the overacheivementness I do for art.  It was only supposed to be an example of one-point perspective. I got a little carried away XP.  Argh, hiccups are evil -.-
Jason is  my new boyfriend, and goin to be my only boyfriend. He is sooo sweet and affectionate and forgiving and kind, and funny. I love be ing a roound him, there is never a dull moment. Just thinking about him makes me smile. I haven't felt this way before in a long time, and i hope it stays that way.
Perfect80284: dummy  WonderWoman8: retard  Perfect80284: small fry  WonderWoman8: buckwheat  Perfect80284: dilweed  WonderWoman8: dodo  Perfect80284: pee pee  WonderWoman8: poo poo  Perfect80284: little one  WonderWoman8: bubba  Perfect80284: little shit  WonderWoman8: HAHA
You can find the article  here.   I love how history just keeps changing.    It should remind us that we can never know the absolute truth about the past....
last night: amazing.  note to self: get proactive more often, dammit.  me: confident?  friends: hilarious, lovely and amazing,   him: beautiful, infectious  here, now: just like a dream.
w00t leaving for mexico in about half an hour.....i won't have my cell phone with me, so leave me messages or whatever so i have cool stuff to listen to when i get back home. Wish all of us luck on our projects!  --matt
Today I got myself the Final Cut DVD!! *can't wait to watch it* And there is also a 30min interview with Stephanie Romanov. *happy dance*
I had an awesome night tonight. We made out for a while, I could have kissed him all night :P He is damn cute, and this post re-affirms the fact that, im so lame lol. I feel like a weenuck, and im feelin as great as a basket of squaw corn  :D
its sooo nice out.  like, really hot.  and sunny.  and sooo warm.  2day was really fun.   i went out 2 eat a lot.  lol hehe.  and my grades r a lot better than i thought they'd b. i have soo much hw tho.  but i dont wanna do it. i wanna go outside.   i went outside a lot 2day.  well ish.   im listening 2 rent. im in such a good mood. but i have soo much hw. ahhh  ok bye!
i now have a livejournal. i have no idea why, but it seemed like a good idea at the time.so...... boo.
STROKES TOMORROW!!! HOLY SHIT! and i meet boy there too, man oh man, i hope i dont get lost! hehehoho, oh boy oh boy. what should i wear? i thing im going to wear my new pants and my stripey freddy shirt. hmm...it is all for boy... oh how fun is this, now off to write the same thing in my ohter lj. tata
Yay! All 170 of it. Time to just squirrel it away into a drawer somewhere where I can't touch it, until the others are all paid off. Hell, I'd cut it up if it didn't have such a low fixed rate.       My Vitriol  -  Moodswings
u guys kno whatWERE ALL GOIN TO DIE WHILE WERE SLEEPIN WHEN THE HURRICANE COMES AND KILLS US ALL thats not cool tho i dont wanna die then iw ont see all ym friend and say byebye to my family
So, I have the best girl in the world...  she came to the house last night with a surprise gift for me that she has been looking for...  she brought the new Tori cd which I am in love with now...  some special addition cd/dvd thing with all this stuff...  she said she did it just to see me smile *s*  Too sweet....
Things are going very well...  a little scary at this point.  Someone who actually gives a shit about what your hopes and dreams are...  if you get enough sleep... and calls you beautiful and/or gorgeous all the time *S*  I'm hoping I don't fall off this cloud...  that's really going to hurt.
The "success story" of Yona and I appeared on Frumster:  http://www.frumster.com/success/success 162.php  Pics are there also. I have such a wonderful wife! *HAPPY*
So much to post... The wedding was interesting and eventful- I'll tell you about it next time. More relevant for the people reading this though- Rachel's beautiful hand-made Kippah arrived yesterday- thanks       sen_ichi_rei   !!!! It's wonderful, the 3-coloured glory of the trefoil and the 7_1 knot shining out to the world... *happy* Thanks!!!
The Manics concert last night was easily the best concert I've ever been to!  ...and easily my favourite band of all time.  I've never known a band that can go from real anger to beauty so easily.
I like Baker. It's nice there. I am glad to be back at school. I am happy. Mikey makes me happy. I am tired. Full time employee, full time student, full time sleeper... there goes my 24 hours in a day. I am going to sleep now. Goodnight and sweet dreams. Later kids.
it's been a while since i've written in here. not in school anymore. just working. looking for a new job at the moment also. me and my long lost friend lorna have found eachother again! and you people say myspace is bad! i'm looking forword to being better friends with her and see her more often. sf isn't that far away!
Spent the day wakeboarding at OTW! Had a great time...arms kinda hurt though...Im going back on tuesday after work !That's bout it!
This  is quite possibly the worst thing since The Fellowship and a Girl. However, thanks to a "Guess the Age of the Suethor" contest,       araeph    did  this  wonderful PPC of it. Read the PPC, it's lovely. The original story, on the other hand...  Also,  EEEEEEEE!  Silm!Sims, and a few Lord of the Rings ones as well. Everything there is TEH PRETTEH!!1!one
Weeelll.  Watched 21 Grams which was amazing, Went to see Dawn of the Dead, it was amazing in that terrible way.  hahaha.  Then i snuck into see Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind for free, which was amazing in that amazing way.   Everyone should go see all of them :).
Bjartar Vonir R&#230;tast Er Vi&#240; G&#246;ngum B&#230;inn Brosum Og Hl&#230;jum Gla&#240;ir Vin&#225;tta Og &#222;reyta M&#230;tast H&#246;ldum Upp &#193; Daginn
Aaron has a hockey game today. I want to go and I don't. I don't have a choice. I just want Aaron to be happy. My birthday is on the 21st. I'm not even excited. Who wants to grow up? I don't. Meghan called today. She wants to smoke and I think that's cool. I like smoking with Meghan. And Matt, and Candace, and Aaron, and everyone else I smoke with.
YAY! No school today! That is so awesome because it's Valentine's Day and I don't really like Valentine's day. Does anyone know an awesome chick flik or any other really good movie that I should watch? I'm going to try to convince my mom to go rent movies. Woohoo! MOVIES!
I've since realised that I have some very very good close friends that I didn't realise I had before.  Lovely supportive people who don't question me and don't need constant attention but we have wonderful chats when we do get together and I'm glad.  I love my friends! :)
USAGI-CHAN! Roll up for your Icons girl!   These are all for you!   Who will be the next to get a big batch?  Stay tuned to find out!     Usagi:            Sailor Moon:            Blinky:    All of these are for you my dear friend Usagi-chan!
My, sexy man proposed to me on Friday.  I said yes.   No, I am going to wait for a while before I get married.  Those who know me well understand.  But, I am happy.  :)
I just got new smileys so I have to use one now ;-)  I am so wasting time till the drag show.  SO ESCITED!  my favorite event of the year
Go Me!  I rock!  I got an interview May11-16 for a summer job.  Its with SERGE and looks really fun.  I hope I get it!  I think I'm most proud that my resume worked. :-)
spring break is here.  i have never wanted a break from school so badly in all of my life.  this overwhelming sense of calm has finally come over me. unfortunately however, i have to ignore all the thoughts in my head looking forward....for now it is only NEW YORK CITY!  i was told today i need galoshes.    Tuesday march 1: 34 degrees, good chance of snow flurries    woo.
hi guys.  just got back from ecp.(juen, i don't care what you say but ecp is nicer than changi beach).anyway, we went cycling(somehow the back trip seemed longer than the first).and i flew a kite! no very successfully. once it fell on top of this poor suntanning lady. hmph.. then we went to jumbo. and now im back. ok. wateva.  jo.
Ok, so I'm sure everyone is sick to death about my obsession with the fishtank.  But seriously, isn't this just the cutest damn picture?     I love my fish and my fish love me back!  P.S. - Thank you       mctony522    for the awessome pic!!
Yay!  My Dad's doctor used the R word today.  Remission!  I don't think I ever expected that word to be used.    Yay!  I just got an email that my QaF S4 DVDs are shipping tomorrow.  Can.Not.Wait!!  Yay!  I am off to NYC tomorrow to see Lola and many other fun people.  Yay!  I got offered a job!  And I think I am going to take it...probably a more angsty post about that later.  But for now - Yay!
So take a look at the 5 lb. beast I got:     that makes the break all worth while right there.   i'm feeling pretty satisfied right now, in all aspects.  &lt;3 les
The musical was previewed to the school, then at 7:15 we began the show. it was amazing, fun, and funny! I was very happy! Mitch was great, everyone was great!  Everyone should c it!! Even vicky said she loved it which is kinda hard ot believe!!!   I'll take pics later!  hmmmm do i like someone?
Had  such  a good night last night. Man I needed that!!! Yay for Opium, my adopted home.    "It don't get much better than this There's nowhere left to run to No use worryin' 'bout what you missed 'Cause here it is baby It don't get better than this."    love and biscuits, xoxo
Dear Ms. Smith: Congratulations!&nbsp; Your admission to the University of Florida has been approved for the Fall 2005 term.
This weekend was pretty good! I got to see a lot of my friends from high school and MECC!! There are only 14 more days of classes left!! :-) Everything just keeps getting better and better! I posted some pics from Brad's going away party on my Friends Album, so check those out!
Chloe came home today after a DOUBLE adrenalectomy yesterday.  I cried I was so happy to have her kisses again.   Off to set up her isolation cage and then off to work. yay for working 8 days in a row!
So my am client called and canceled.  However she apologized, wanted to reschedule and told me she had done what I suggested 2.5 weeks ago and it had make a marked improvement.  I am over the moon.  I love when people can use me to help themselves and it is a large step when folks remember what I said that long ago let alone put it in practice.    smile
Yay for good days! I got 100% on my math quiz!!! I'm so happy. Tomorrow is Friday and we have a three day weekend!!
I had the best birthday weekend. Thanks to everyone that made it special! I am making so many new friends here on LJ. A special hello to       may_lyn    and       synzer0    . You all are the greatest! I didn't know I needed to make so many&nbsp;new friends but have found I did and I am happy. You all rock!
I slept the best I have ever slept in my life last night. I watched the motorcycle diaries for an hour and fell into the perfect slumber. I can't believe how good I slept. I told my mom about this and she said it was because I was content. Not so sure about that, but it was good to sleep well for a change.
1. I really really like poems ;) 2. I think everything is symbolic. EVERYTHING.  3. I FREAKING CAN'T WAIT FOR KAUAI!!!!!!! OMG 4. KENDAL I MISS YOU!!!!!!!!!! and us trying to be ambi.... and learn the words to ice ice ;) 5. SCHOOL IS ALMOST OVER. HOLY SHIT.
Home!!! I forgot how beautiful spring is but then I came home and I have been reminded. You all need to come check out Norcal, it's gorgeous. So many shades of green and blue, flip flop weather all the time! My doggy!!!!! It's too pretty to really explain, just makes me so happy. Even the MCAT studying isn't so bad. :-D
i'm listening to the new p.j. harvey again.... and i have to say that the song 'good fortune'.... is one of the best songs i've heard in a long time....! damn jimmy....! it's amazing.
Happy birthday       jaxie52     Hope your day is filled with many fabulous things!! Best wishes for the coming year!!   Today is the start of the last week of Month 2... Weight is now 186 (due to have my monthly friend this week so it is probably a little less) Swam 17 and a half miles   Got my raise today. It will start in this coming check!!!
Finally I'm settled in my new house..  jus in time for CNY..  lotsa packing and unpacking that almost broke my back..  jus glad that the house is finally getting into shape..  well quite happy with all the renovation works..  and my room is nice icy blue..  big plus is that orchard  is 20mins away by bus..  and school is close by too..  looking forward to the fresh new environment.
Well if you feel like looking at the new blog site go to:  http://goneinsane06.zidev.com/blog .  Unless you are already here you can give me a shout to the right and leave me a comment on how it looks, I'm gonna try to see if I can get started on podcasting, but I'll explain that later.
today i went to the creek with my dogs,but they wouldn't swim,they looked like they wanted to because i was in,and i was calling them but they were to scared, they never swam before,Larry was hiting the water with his paw like he was going to swim but he didn't.they only went in the water to there arm pits.they just need time to learn :)
hey everyone...by that i mean kyle and ashley and the few other people who may look at this tehe.... life is good....i'm babysitting my 5 year old&nbsp;niece naomi and she has something she wants to say..................
hello mons! this is ms cleo here to answer any of your questions! if you have any, please leave a comment! thanks mon!
awaahhhh.. i finally figured out how to change the collors, but i still dont no how to post pics. comment if you no pleaseee..tomarro is my bday bitchesss and luverss , comment to be added or kept... oh ya i married   ELMO   hah muazzz
Zogs (whilst on phone): "I'm going to get you"!!!!  You could HEAR the evil intent!!!!! RRUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!1
I made a new live journal i`m still not done yet but you can start adding me. c0urtney_ (the 0 is a zero)!
You are a  GRAMMAR GOD !   If your mission in life is not already to preserve the English tongue, it should be. Congratulations and thank you!      How grammatically sound are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
hey yall yeah new thing for beach week me eric and jay found a hotel suit for 400 dollars  can you say sick
Coming to school for only until lunch, then leaving for Vegas! In a way I'm excited ,but I'm going alone and it's kinda boring since my cousins are going to be in school the whole day. I can already tell that I'm going to read alot there!!  I hate Packing!!  I think I'm tring out for Extended day..Kayla was tring to condvince me and I think she did!...  See you when I come back...
Calvin: "Another gorgeous brisk spring day. What a waste to be going to school on a morning like this."  Hobbes: "What would you do if you could stay home this morning?"  Calvin: "Sleep right through it."
Yay me... I finally got a job well I have 2 offers just trying to figure out with one I'll take.. One is at a dr's off and the other is for a freight company... hmmmm  Im looking forward to this weekend coming up gonna go see the Broncos vs Chargers woohoo GO BRONCOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Although not looking forward to eating all that crap.. Good thing for  Tae-Bo...
Ben Lee, 20th May, the Tivoli.  Dogs Die In Hot Cars, 7th May, the Tivoli.   Looks like I'm going to be going back to being rather poor again.
I said that you were my first But you  weren't even close no Like a frame in a movie Your just one  Of many Can you grant me one last wish Play russian roulette as we kiss I'll be your cheap novelty Blow your brains Out on me   - senses fail (amazing song!)
Roses are red Roses are red  Roses are red  Good Enough  do the chickens have large talons  I LOVE YOU BRIAN CLAY. youre the world to me ill never stop loving you
Imported from the US, just for me and snollie :D Copyright: El_Brian Co. © (He's gonna make big bucks outta this one :D And then, I'll be his bestest friend :P.....)
Jacqui, my movie came in the mail today!  How is it that the postal service between Champaign and Carbondale is able to send mail so quickly while sending mail to Batavia can take a week?  Whatever.... I'm so tempted to throw all my homework aside and watch a few hours of Gael, but...I guess I'll have to wait until the weekend:-( Anyway, thanks for the awesome gift!
hahah i feel like writting in this journal.... oh well old memories!   How ya'll doing? im doing great...   hhehe its been forever since i wrote here..  Well im out peace my buddies!!
Valentines day was acually great for me......Chad and his mom got me so much stuff....I am so thankful....I love his family!!! and i am happy we r friends.....thanks so much Chad and happy valentines day!!  &lt;3 *Jena*
Today is a happy day.  I finally got my journal looking something like how I'd like it. anyone have any good quotes? I was playing with the freetext thingie, and now I feel the need for good quotes.  and I got my application together, absolutely done. I just have to turn it in.  oh, man. I want to see sin city so bad.
Take This Quiz       I'm a Hunky Faggot! Oh hello. I am completely gorgeous. You may touch me for a nominal fee, although I’d prefer that you were at least as hot as I am. I was genetically engineered for pleasure. Mine.  What kind of Faggot are you?   Brought to you by  Pushing Through
How evil are  you ?    Mwhahaha... I knew it... :P    well, this is definitely one of the best b-days ever.
I can't wait to see Dear Frankie. I have to wait till March 18th though. :(  I skipped class again today. Boo me.   I wish I could cook. I'm starved. And I'm tired of eating sandwiches.  I joined hi5, and I have no clue what I'm doing.  I'm going to some service for SJHS tonight. I just wanna see who shows up, and I wanna see Rob. :)   What should I wear.. Hum...
Still buried under a mountain of work - Sorry for the silence - but had to share the good news!   Supreme Court OK's same-sex marriage
So, today I went to school...and had art, then 2 periods of mr. clark as a sub! yay, then math, psych, english, and a sub in spanish....so really only 2 real classes...it was good.
Hey. Chris and I went to Sears and bought some new Windshield Wipers for my car, the others were old and scratching my windshield! Then we ate at Subway, yummmmmmmm. I have been in such a good mood today.  :)  uh..all that stuff we were talkin about last night and what I was askin about, i was serious!! so..i dunno.. but im goin for now. I had fun last night, glad we were all together!  :)
Ladies and Gents: I'm working on a photo journal over at       bobblejesus    . I'm currently pulling a back log of pictures for the past number of months. Stop on by and enjoy some stops on the bumpy kiddie ride that is my life. Full update soon right here. PS: I just got my first pay check!
Well today is a good day!! I went to the Doctor today got to hear the baby's Heartbeat!! It was a pretty cool moment!! 155 bpm Healthy, Steady, and very active. I will not get find out what it is until September but that's cool.
going to good vibs today! its gonna be hell cool.  i havnt even seen the stage line-up yet lol  for my 21st we are going to the sit-down comedy club and then going out - i'm handing out invitations monday :)  and meh thats about all  heaps of stuff running around my head but none will stop long enuf to come out my fingers
My uncle walked down the asile with me.     They're watching me while I am with my uncle.     Finally to be with Peter!     What a beauiful day of my life!     Bye to my mama!     Now, He is my husband! I love him so much!     Here is my new family!!! My baby boy's name is Micah!
Apparently I am neurotic and paranoid. It must go hand in hand with my hypochondria. You can disregard my post from yesterday. The doctor called, no I lied, I called him, actually, I lied again.....I was too afraid to call him, so I made Jeff do it. Anyhow, all is well :) Ultrasound tomorrow!
Silly Girl #1:  I remember the first day I met you in the bathroom at WSC; you were applying your lipstick so artfully. I watched you, and thought, "This girl is so cool; I'm gonna talk to her." So I did.   And we were, as Gump would say, like peas and carrots from that day on.   Love you bunches!  Silly Girl #2
*HUGS* TOTAL!  give sweetygurl416 more *HUGS*     Get hugs of your own       please hug me guyz..i love u!
You are Michael.       Which Queer As Folk Character Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla    It's kinda sad but this makes my night just a bit better.
I'm redoing my bathroom making it oriental....very chinese looking to match with the beautiful picture of an asian woman that is in there. So if anyone has some pictures of chinese symbols having to do with bathrooms (water, shower, waterfall, blue), please send these to me.
Right well i have the computer til friday!  Anyway. Its snowing.  I want to go out and play in it! Also been listening to a lot of Moby just now.  I like him.  Pauline xx
I am back around. finely got cable and stuff here, so first thing to do was to hop on. hehe...  so everyone feel free to drop me a line sometime. as i got alot of catching up to do.    Laters       R     Refined       O     Outrageous       G     Glorious       V     Valiant       U     Unnatural       Name / Username:       Name Acronym Generator  From  Go-Quiz.com
Last night the Vurtmobile made its way west to Cheltenham, home of cheese-rolling and a bar called Mr Bentley's that used to fascinate me when I was in D.U.S.T.  (Well one Vurtmobile went to Chelteham the other for some reason decided to go to Swindon before deciding to come to the gig but 'nuff said about that....!)
Last night saw  The 'Vurt    (TM - Malcolm Dome 2005)   put on their glad rags and do their  thang  at the  Imperial College, London .
3 days till hc... yay   something must be wrong w/ me... ppl say how great i am but i dont see it at all... like sunday my youth group leader took me aside and told me that i was a great person... that i am funny, smart, pretty... but i dont see it or get it... i dont think i am... but many say i am... something must be wrong w/ me.. but what?  im worried about it   -shorty
So I have a zillion and one things that I need to get done before we head off for spring break. Mine will be pretty cool. Going to Florida for some of it which I am totally stoked about!
I am very happy at the moment. I have a job at KFC and I have just been accepted into Law and Macqurie University with an option of University of Western Sydney. This of course means that I will be a permanent professional student for the rest of my natural life. At least the next four (4) years but I am sure that I will survive. The Masters in Teaching is looking a bit sketchy at the moment.
read this and youll think its love lEEEE  Bedelia574: real EEE? FlutePower87: Seriousl EEE Bedelia574: really? with what? poor h EEEE Bedelia574: o man i did that one creativel EEE FlutePower87: HAHA! Bedelia574: dont ruin it kat EEEE Bedelia574: say he h EEEE FlutePower87: I am sorr EEE Bedelia574: its ok EEE dok EEE FlutePower87: EEEEEE
so i just got back from the company party..its was nice..had a few drinks..ate some food..and just had fun...tesa your fuckin crazy!!..and i LOVE it!!!..lol
Look!  It's       somehedgehog    and me at       mosephine    and       buckydt   's wedding!  Which was a beautiful and glorious event, btw. Congrats you two!
This  is awesome.  My favorite quote: "a life without carbs is not worth living."  Long live moderation!
YAYness! A new Kagrra CD for meeee! I win! *cuddles it* Okay...Well, today, I sat here, at my computer, trying to do this STUPID project for my LA class...It was not fun...not at all...Then, I had to type a paper for Spanish class...blehh...BUT now I'm alllll done! YAY for me! *tries to sing along with Isshi, but fails...* w00t!!!
I'm done.   The song is done.   Still have to record it on my tape recorder in it's entirety...  ...but it's done.   "Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end."(Seneca)
Ok well me and my cousins just got back from the fitness...we were all playin some basketball and the  hottest guys were there. There was 1 he was prob 15 and anotha prob 19 but man! Yeah i cant wait till next week imma try findin em again and stalk em again hahaa   Marcy
Went to school, came home, drank coffee, took a nap. I always feel distorted after a nap and kind of sad. It's like I've missed out on something while I was unconscious. Tonight I guess I kind of did. I was suppose to go to Church, but I didn't wake up until 6:15, so I couldn't.  I talked to Alexis tonight! That was awesome. I'm so glad we're going back to school together!
What can I say, other than, I love meeting fabulous people? I'm generally quick to love or hate a person and that probably holds true here as well. I'm a sucker for teh cute.
I dun' stoled this.        Who were you in a past life? by   Kat007        Name:           Birthdate:           Favorite Color:           Country:           You were most probably:    Adolf Hitler       If not then you were:    A small time song writer             Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen 2.0  !
ummm i never got to work with moogz n britty o well. umm im mad at britty and we're not suppose to be talkin but i was talkin to her neways...o man...ummm im suppose to be leavin for my dads for like a week but i dunno if i wanna leave tonite cuz i wanna chill with my friends...having really weird dreams lately...chillin wit the christ :) - Dee
at moogz...havent updated this journla is FOREVER....but its only cuz my comptuer loves to be mean to me and wont turn on so no computer usage for me for awhile til i upgrade the insides. these days are passin by way to quickly but i guess its just cuz i have shit to do now but its been awesome!! well im done lol....i miss u guys that i havent seen in forever....latr - Dee
ITS THE YEAR OF THE ROOSTER!!!!^_^   all i did for New years eve was play games. it was So00o fun..hehehehe..i played metal gear solid 3: snake eater and grand theft auto: san andreas :D  anyway..happy new year!  oh yes..its my birthday today!!OMG im not a teen no more!!!OMG *freaks out*
Well I got my 401k money.  Yesterday I bought a  Phreaknic  shirt, a real cool thermos/cup, a hp jornada, and a New Dell Laptop.  I feel pretty good about now.
the weather is so nice!  it's supposed to be 60f here this weekend!  yay for april, yay for spring!  and yay for oatmeal!  -sam
My car is now fixed.  Or feels fixed.  My dad got up here this morning around 12 and it was a pretty quick and easy thing to do.  Then we sat around for a few hours and talked about nothing really.  Then he left and I drove my car back up here.  Now it works!!!  All thanks to my dear ol' dad...
So yesterday was my birthday or as tony would say my 'burfday' it was cool my husband threw me a party and took me to the movies on sunday. Then yesterday he took me to chilis. I ate so much these past few days that i don't need to eat for a week!!!
HEY   EVERYONE  ! ! ! ! ! !   HOWS   EVERY  one   doing  ?? HOpe   GoOd !  POST   COMMENTS  ! ! ! !:)
To two friends who share the same birthday as me....        harg    and       mblj   .  I hope you both have the best day ever.  May all your wishes come true.
I know I am several minutes early, at least before it is official, but I wanted to be the first to say:    Happy Birthday         razoondragoonus     May all of your wishes and dreams come true.  I love you.  Tommy
nashawffls (9:54:49 PM):  haha thankies kevinr1101 (9:58:28 PM): welcomes nashawffls (9:59:16 PM): &gt;.&lt; kevinr1101 (10:00:17 PM): well im gonna go sleep cause i feel crappy &gt;.&lt; nashawffls (10:00:58 PM): allright, i hope you feel better! lovies and gnights! dont let the bed domos bite! kevinr1101 (10:01:31 PM): *walks off looking for bed domos* O.O kevinr1101 (10:01:35 PM): g'night
well ive just found out last night that my best friend is going to have a baby im so very happy and very excited im going to be an aunty wooohooo
finally i found the instrumental of "Both Sides Now" it took so long, i know i'm a dork but its made me really happy, ive been looking for it for a really long time.  its a very good song  oh and i finished retyping my core 3...  yay!  later
To the girl that's a sexy as all get out!    Knows how to cop a good feel!    More fun than you can shake a stick at!!    One of my favorite people.    Happy Birthday Deb!
Yay!! I got the CA Job!! I found out yesterday and I couldn't be happier! I also got Jerry Springer tickets yesterday... I can't believe I actually got picked to get them! Let alone actually go..LoL... Last week I just decided to try to get them cuz I thought it might be fun, so im excited! :) Other than that, things are just pretty good in general!
Last night I saw the greatest movie ever made.  The movie was  The Happiness of the Katakuris . It's a Japanese musical horror movie (yes, you read that correctly). With random claymation interludes. And this one strange dance number with the dead bodies that kind of reminded me of the  Thriller  video.  The Campus Police ticketed me for parking in front of Munger. Bastards.
my New Niece!!!  Mitzi Abigail Rabino-Garcia born: June 28, 2004 6.12lbs 10:00pm  new baby angel in our family :)  www.babyorgirl.ca babyID: 17001359 babypasswd: mitzi
had no Philharmonic.....it was yesterday....SO CONFUSED!!!!  oh well....  feeling better  temp. of 97.7...YAY   going to work on the bug (VW Bettle) with my dad  (silence)  uh...... moo
i'm feeling better...YAY  you may be wondering why i daid YAY FOR YOGURT  well i went to the doctor and i didn't have strep but a throat virus and the perscription is cultured yogurt.  and it works!  YAY FOR YOGURT!!!!  i might go to matt's house tomarrow at 6  then i'd be able to check out the keyboard  i hope i can go
Enough said really!!!      So, what's up all?  I'mm just busy, busy, busy with work.  The next week is going to be hell!  I can't wait til the election is over.  Anywho, it's snowing and that makes me HAPPY! I promise to update more when I get time.....and that's after the 5th.
Everything is going to be ok, I just have to shape up a little.  Just another speed bumb, Andi and I have always been able to hurl over them pretty good.  I love you sooooo much sweety, I hope we are together forever.  I love you, oh wait I already said that lol, I love you again .  hehe.   I'm so happy right now, considering the fact that I was really really upset earlier.
got my phone today.....  cell #  989-882-5031  TWO WAY 131*225330*15  bout time....well hit that up well nothen today just messin around...get to go in at 10 thats cool....oh well....well...prom with sarah is goin be sweet lol rahcel don't worry...tynesha u better be there tomarrow...lol  hollar at ur boy
Ok, so I was just so excited by this random crap I had to put it up.  Cheers.              The HP Male Marriage Quiz  made by  Sapphire.
WOW life is good so far and i cant see my self in a new town or new friends i love it hear but wouldn't mind moving to a different town or even a new country well how knows maybe ill move to Berlin or France and start a new life but not any time now like in the future or some thing and to all my friends i love all of you guys and not talking about the Internet friends
Well, I'm just here at work, trying to fight off the boredom.  w00t I got a cell phone today! My Nicky bought me one and it's AWESOME!!! we have unlimited mobile to mobile so we don't have to use our minutes unless we're calling our parents, and then we've got rollover! cingular rules!!!  well, gotta go, talk to y'all later.   *terrie*
Hello!, alot of great things have happened since i had last written in my journal......I found someone that likes me for more than my looks! i am not going to say his name..lol idk i am just so happy today lol and me and lace talked on the phone all day mostley i love her to death lol&nbsp; well i am goign to go bye
Finally got around to chaning my LJ colors around, really like the new setup, the other one was quite boring, i just never bothered to change it :P   Hope you like it ^_^      p.s. Sorry Justin for jacking your uber colors, i had to -_-
Everyone have a Happy Thanksgiving tomorrow.  And remember, its the day you can eat more than your belly can hold...Haha so dont worry about it.  Everyone be safe too if you're traveling.  Love to you all!!!! If anyone is interested in going to help hand out food too the homeless tomorrow at all I will be in Paso doing to for a couple of hours.  Anyways once again Happy Thanksgiving!!!
ITS ERICAS 16TH BIRTHDAY TODAY!!!YAY!!!!!LOVE U GIRL!!!AND WOW was our night interseting!! def got lost for an hour and half...ended up in adel, camp dodge, granger, grimes,ect!!! it was fun..and scary!! haha road trip gone bad!! but umm yea it was great!! but anyways im gunna go!! HAPPY BDAY AGAIN ERICA!!! XOXO!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANGELA!! I LOVE U SOOOO MUCH!! UR SUCH A BIG GIRL LOL!! THE BIG 16!!! YAYA!!!!!!! I HOPE ITS A GREAT DAY! i had fun with u last night!! EVERYONE WISH HER A HAPPY B-DAY!! THANKS! &lt;3 u!
Heads up Rach,     That is the VERY LAST TIME you interrupt my DATE for me to buy you booze.  lol.      Luv ya chicka, glad you had fun :)    ~Jamie
im so happy!! i passed the road test today!! i now just have to go to the secretary of states and get my actual lisence.
Now this is just fun!   http://www.geocities.jp/lledoece/na naca-crash.html   My high so far is 1709.73.
not the final print, but an update. See if you can notice the differences...such an awesome photo. If I had more photos I liked of me, maybe I wouldn't hae pictures and cameras so much.
well I am so excited!! In less than three months i well be out of my house and living with someone else... woo hoo!! I am excited and scared at the same time becuase i don't know how all of this is going to work out in the end i hope that they aren't mad at me for moving out but in a way i want them to see that they are partially the reason that im leaving oh well that is all for now bye bye
I finally got to see The Phantom of the Opera.  I can't say that it was as great as I expected it to be but i'm happy I got to see it.   I'm happy I got to see my Dad :) really happy :) :) :) :) :)  :) hehe :)  good luck with our Neuro exams on Monday.....
whee! 2nd sem is officially over! I have 2 weeks of break!!! wheeee!!! Have to enjoy this break as much as I can... :)  I'm really grateful there is such a thing as YM. Through it, i've been able to talk to friends who I haven't talked to much less seen for a long time! COOL talga. :)   Happy happy happy! :)
Yey! I got to watch the UAAP Non-stop cheering competition! We won 2nd! sayang nga lang coz di nakita yung binubuo nilang oblation!
Happy New Year to everyone!!!!  I hope everyone had a safe new year's eve.  For the strangest occurance so far, I was actually off of work on new year's eve... FedEx never let's anyone off on that day!! o_O  Ahhhh, but it was great to ring in the new year with my sweetheart and her family. *^.^*  Take Care, everyone... and best wishes for a great 2005!!! d(^o^)b  -Sir Spockticus
I had a really good day! It was really good! And...I'm in a good mood! I had to share this, because today was a good day despite the fact that I had to do the mile run. I hope everyone has a really good day!   love love love -Lia
hellooo!well ive just came back from this photo shoot and it was awesome!it was sooo great! and fun! i love it. its like playing dress up its great. i really wanna do it again....im really tired though i had alot to do this weekend. i did not relax whatsoever..but im happy!
So today we get to bring teagan home and luckily we got everything ready just in time. Over these past couple days my whole view on life changed. I want to be with Gisele and our daughter no matter what I never want to leave them they are my world.
I'm pretty tired. And I have decided that snow is my crack. Martinas party was fun, and I even won a few times at super smash bros! Yay!    The only bad part of the night was watching the chocolate cake being cut. I think my sweet tooth died a little death there.
wonderful night.  feeling a wee bit sick and as though i have eaten too much (because i have).  but in general good.  had long conversation with boyfriend that was good and nice and hadn't been done in a long time.  now for some sleep before heading off to actually get some work done tomorrow (i mean later on today...).    happy.  stressing (which i despise), but happy.
Yes, I have finally created a poll. Behold! Yes, I know I only have like 10 friends, but y'all can direct people here if you feel so inclined. If I get enough people, I might start turning into a poll machine like     Rachael ...    View Poll: My First Poll
OK well its official I am now a huge fan of HIM and the Rasmus... if you havent heard of them DAMMIT you are missing out... Listen to one of their songs and you will fall in love too... the lead singers of each band are hott... except in the Rasmus the drummer Aki is f***ing gorgeous.. oh my goodness I would f**k him in a second... well Im going to watch their video now so bye bye
I am still alive. Poor but alive. I moved on my own and I only have a phone and electricity. Andrew has my number it would be really cool if someone would call me and say some sort of salutations.  I garantee I love you all and have a great over hyped hallmark kind of holiday. I am a very happy person
I'M GOING TO QUEENS OF THE STONE AGE ON MARCH 24TH!!!  ...with a possibility of BACKSTAGE PASSES!!!  Will this year's weeklong birthday festivities top my 21st birthday party as the Greatest Birthday Ever???  We shall see.
I've got six Gmail invites to give away. Who wants one? Just leave a comment with your e-mail address and I'll get to it in a jif.  Doesn't matter whether or not I know you or if you're on my friends list or not. I'll give them out either way. I rock like that.
HAPPY CHRISTMAS, EVERYONE!        Heehee. I'm in the Christmas spirit. Look at Santa rawking it! LOL.        Happy Holidays, everyone. And remember no matter how bad things get there are always things to be grateful for. All the best to you and your loved ones. Rak on, men! Rak on! Haha.
A halloween ball!  That should be fun and an uplifting event.  I've been looking to see what kind of costume I could wear.  I've not any ideas.  Anybody want to suggest something?  Things are bright right now.  Lots going on and it's fun.  Besides the obvious, many things are going right.
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM........ .....  rave............. HEEHEHEHHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE  ifmy!!!!!
I am at school AIH YAY fun, I have to go to work to day not looking forward to it but it is a good job. I am thinking of kaet right know.
I am going to my new job soon fun fun. Ya right hard work that is it. I need a job though , and my day was ok.    I like Kaet
he's back, wearing the cute pirate shirt that i got him from japan. it's relieving, it's rejuvenating. we watched grey's anatomy together. he got me a hand-blown glass dolphin from his cruise, and a pretty white gold chain for my birthday. i love reunions.
Yes, you read me right, I'm an uncle today, pretty strange feeling. Exciting though...  Angie had a really long labor, so they eventually did a C Section on her.    Shea Rose Howa(?) February 12, 2005
Friends pages are so neat.&nbsp; Calvin and Hobbes are at my fingertips.&nbsp; Also, Jorgie's cartoon is available through lj, too (that would be  Mutts ).&nbsp; Seriously, the cat with the lisp is totally my little Jorgebert.&nbsp; I'ma miss free internet in 6 months.
so, escape has been finalized. i am free. free as a bird, one might say. yet i am not bird-ish. anyways...  v. excited: grad present is an iPod mini \:D/  too bad they are on backorder everywhere. also too bad that i can't choose a colour. mmf.
"its got me on my knees in a bathroom praying to a god i dont even believe in. well dear jesus, are you listening?"  no hes not listening. when im 18 i can buy a gun, and what i choose to do with this gun is my choice. see, i have something to look forward to now... and you have something to be scared of.
I feel terrible hurting peoples feelings. I feel so horrible that my own chaotic feelings led me to hurt others in this way. I wish I could have worked through things without having to break up and move on so quickly. I realized that I loved Bobby more than I thought. He realized the same. I don't know what else to do but say that I'm sorry to everyone that I may have hurt.
Wow, tonight is prom.&nbsp; I remember the time when i didnt even have a date.&nbsp; But now its all code Milkey White. HAHA. Anyway, it should be a good time, n then down to Wildwood till Saturday night.&nbsp; I have to drive home from Wildwood, with a hang over, at night.&nbsp; Wish me Luck.&nbsp; Goodbye if i die on the way home.&nbsp;
just umm chilled with ashley. ashley was the downfall of my good journal entries. i think im just gunna stop updating.&nbsp; forever.
George Strait said it best with "....my life's been grand"  followed by Ray Liota in Goodfellas with "...and now it's all over"   I asked Jenn to marry me last night...she said yes i feel sorry for her having to put up with me for the rest of her life..lol  but it's her loss and my gain..lol
All I can say is damn Nathan Smith.  I won one against him at a party but what really matters is he won this one
eh yesterday was gay no offence annaturkey&lt;3 and the night ended 80x gayer 200 lb. sasquatch destroyed my leg when i was asleep so hard i threw up in a cold sweat but cant stay mad i love john then today was chill i actually like just chillin i hate feeling like i have to entertain but at least tonite was chill havent had butterflys in a long time
Fuck Yeah! One and a half week of doing nothing and beeing completely drunk!! My drinking vacations started last last Friday and will end next Wednesday! This weekend was one of the best in my life! 1) I got sooooo drunk 2) I got sooooo stoned 3) I met a couple of girls 4) I dont know anything else!  ps: I love u all
I was just brushing my teeth and for some reason instead of spitting in the sink I just spat all over my carpet... wtf.   That is all.
My Mac shipped today! I should have it in my hands in a few days, I cannot wait! Plus Nate is gone til next friday so if I get it soon I will have lots of freetime to play play play. hehehehe.
I graduate a week from today AND I leave for Europe a week from tomorrow! woohoo I can't wait. Gotta go buy some sandals and a new swimsuit today then clean clean clean because my parents, brother and sisters are coming saturday (well one of my sisters is coming friday) and the apartment is a MESS!  off to shop!
Wednesday, I went and spoke at my old high school, telling a class of seniors what college life is really like.  They were shocked because I didn't hold anything back. I also spent the night with my brother, we watched Larry The Cable Guy.  I am having fun still but I wish I was spending more time with my mom and dad.
yah i am finally 18 and will some day make a road trip and wel will all go to winnipeg and drink it will be fun
merry friggen christmas all!       here is my new pride and joy...aren't they beautiful                            gee              hope everyone has a great day
22- graduate from some form of school  OK technically I finished and I obtained my BScN.  I just don't have the piece of paper yet.  19- Get a job  Today I was offered a job and I accepted.  Now it is just a matter of paperwork.  8- Host a party  Saturday.  My place.  8pm.  We shall play Twister.  It shall be fun.
Maybe it is the drink... *though I only had two.  Maybe it is the weather.  Something feels different.  I feel happy.  I feel free.  I feel responsible.  I feel content.  Confident.  Able.  Open.  Welcoming.  Optomistic.  Energetic.  Responsible.  Things are looking up.
Why are 1-800 numbers so hard to find on a website?  Is it just me.  Seriously.  I can NEVER find them.  It's almost like they don't want you to call them for help.....  In other news.  Who am I kidding?  Nothing is new with me.  I need to get stuff done.  The RN exam deadline to apply is fast approaching.  Clinical is soon ending.  And ... I need to do laundry.
i'm warm and happy.  my stomach is finally relaxing.  tedward is my buddy.  i've had a very good night and it's still lingering.
And loving it. There are so many trees out here.  Totally different from Cali. I've never been happier in my life. More later when I have a phone and my own internet again.
Y is it I'm working from 9am - 6pm xmas eve then bein forced to go straight from work to 6pm mass which I'll miss the beginning of anyway...!!!...???...!!! And you guys wonder y I'm confused!!!!  Miss you Gayle  Caz x
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    jagermeister is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator        It speaks the truth!
Yay for Zouk again, I wasn't originally going to go out but I'm glad I did in the end. Partied with tonnes of random people and the crazy guy from the hawker centre came to party which was awesome. This post had to be edited due to my lack of sleep induced post at 4am.
The best way to spend a saturday morning is watching Spongebob the movie. For some reason it hasn't been advertised in Singapore yet, then again neither has Napoleon Dynamite.
I'd have to say that I'm very happy, especially for this time of year. Nothing specific happened, but I find myself feeling better than usual.  Oh, and I think I am moving at the end of the month. Figure it'll provide more freedom than living here. Also, there's more fun gadjets for me to play with.
today is one of those days that regardless of anything, it is beautiful and i'm in a beautiful mood.  i got the most amazing texts from kev keegan yesterday. lily jay and i are really happy we're all friends. we watched  kill the doubt  and  shawshank.  schim loves me with the force of a million suns.  i am exceptionally happy at the moment.  go outside.
well... bored now.... very bored..... I'm trying to get a nice gbook for my page, I have a yucky bravenet one and I wanna change it, but I suck with scripts :_; Oh, well. On the bright side, I got 3 more people in my web clique, so I'm happy ^^
Oregon is a nice place, isn't it?  Yes, it is.  You should live there.  So should I.  As of now it's not crowded, but you never know.  So ummmm, ok...Oregon....yeah.      What State Is Perfect For You?     brought to you by  Quizilla    ummm so i should live in oregon?  Never been there!  who wants to take me?
TOday was one of the best days ever, I spent all day with franco, it was our 2nd year anniversary and I got the best present... a baby chihuahua!!! It's so cute and adorable, we were walking him and everyone stopped to say how cute he was hehe. Ill post a pic of him later  Elsa  ps- EVERYONE!!! Ideas for my new cuttie's name please!!!  (it's a male)
Roseanne really is my favorite show ever.    The fact that i have yet to see Sin City is retarded. I think i will get on that tomorrow.   Seriously look how fucking cute my cats are.. holy shit.. it's unreal.
i have the internet! oh my god! i've been so deprived... if i haven't talked to you lately...i'm SOOOO sorry... but it's because i haven't had internet... and that's a lame excuse i know, but it's college-- everything's done on the internet.
My sister got so high she fainted.  Great fucking jam session today, too bad you couldn't jam with us trent. Joe, you gotta learn how to play metal man.
Will update this Sunday when I get back (I promise). Way busy still... Had the best birthingday ever and got the bestest gift ever! ;&gt; Whoo hoo!  This life is just too cool!  *mwah*
hello, i'm here at my sister's house in Calgary. i had good flights. i actualy got to sleep!   i was uber excited to see her at the aiport and i met her very nice boyfriend too.  ok here is her number... 001114032832501 there you have it but now i have to watch sex and the city and eat the black bean soup my sister made YAY! karen :)
thank you all (you know who you are) for being at our wedding and sharing all the love.  i will post more tomorrow with links to pictures.  our wedding was amazing and we feel so loved.  we are going to play tony hawk underground and smoke a little sumtin' sumtin' right now because we don't have to do anything tomorrow.  whoot!  bring it!
Just a fly by Merry Christmas to all my friends who are so inclined.  I'll also throw out a happy belated Channukah, a happy Kwanza, a happy Christmas (for the British), and a merry Christmahkuh (for those who live in the OC).  I hope everyone is having a great day.
ok so i should be studying right now.. but instead i'm posting to tell you one thing.  I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL FEBRUARY 14TH.   and... i love you! ok bye :)
Lois: Peter, why would they make you presidesnt? Peter: Maybe it's b/c I can recite all 50 states in a quarter of a second...RARF! Lois: Peter, that was just a loud yelping noise.  -Family Guy    Ok, here's my first Blog quiz.  Enjoy!       You are                   What Rejected Crayon Are You?
OMG MTV's MADE is going to NHS!! thats so exciting they are having auditions and picking someone from nash! so awesome!! why does everything good happen while we arent there!? grr its so exciting! i hope someone i know gets picked!
I'm so fucking happy.  I had the most amazing weekend ever.   I wish i could do it all over again.  I don't think one should be so happy when one is rather ill.  Nevermind.  R x x x   P.S Anchorman's the funniest thing I've ever seen in my life.
So whats up.  The Patio at Bisso's Bar and Grill is now open, Did a little rearanging added some outdoor speakers and strung a few lights. We took it for a test drive tonight.
Only having to work half a day on fridays rocks my socks....hard.   Not quite sure what is going on for the weekend, but something big is definitely going down though. =)  Check out these old advertisements I found haha...
In the last two days i've won the following:  Souths Fisherman hat  Souths Casual Cotton Tshirt (Traditional baseball style shirt) Souths Pen Souths Keyring Souths Jersey Souths Micro-fibre Polo Shirt Souths Hollographic Sunglasses Souths Fleecy Top Souths 67/68 Grand Final DVD  This cost money, but i should have just enough to cover it.
I havne't posted for a while, because LJ is easier to read then to write. A lot has happened since i last posted any detail. I graduated which was good, i got the creative arts awards and got to play ankles in front of a lot of people. I've hooked up with a beautiful girl: Grace.   But i'm posting to say a belated Merry Xmas and Happy new year to all of you.
got my pictures from New York back yesters...mostly landmarks...but some good ones of me and peoples...uploaded them on my bebo thing...take a look...x  sorry it's only a short one...x
i just lovee being with my brother cade's lil boy...MY NEPHEW...lil' cade. He puts so much happiness into my life. God i love him so much!
How Great is This:    T U L A N  E    is    7-0    now! I know many of you don't like hearing my Journals now that all i do is want to talk about baseball, but it's that time of the season and that's really all i have interest in. My sis is keeping me on track with ALL of the schools that I like, too which is awesome!
i stole this from       eskaton666    jj  [A] First, recommend to me: 1. a movie: 2. a book: 3. a musical artist, song, or album:  [B] I want everyone who reads this to ask me three questions, no more, no less. Ask me anything you want.  [C] Then I want you to go to your journal, copy and paste this allowing your friends to ask you anything & say that you stole it from me.
so today it snowed...a lot...and of course every school in the state had a snow day except for ccsu! yea so that was fun.  but its all good bc i had a fun night so far.  chinese with my girlies and we watched napolean dynamite! fun stuff. right now  im watching american idol with my roomie! :) lol tomorrow night is thurs night at ccsu so it shoudl be a fun time woohoo!
My house seems very empty again which is quite nice. There have been people here all weekend but everyone except       fruit_boy    has now gone and the place is quiet again.  It is lovely to see people but sometimes it all gets a bit much for me.  I'm off to try and get something to eat and then I am going for a little sleep.
hi yall! i'm feeling very happy today. Lauren and i went to the youth group to help paint and stuff and we talked to mark [the youth pastor] and we prayed and stuff. i dunno i just feel good. i'm finally gonna get a fresh new start on everything. finally. malorie we're painting again tomorrow..well, today actually u need to come! hehe. *yawn* so sleepy. welp imma go to bed, love ya!!
This is the best musical idea ever. Trust me on this.   A whole album. For free. Get it!   Try and guess who the vocalist is :D
went to the beach the other day. gardo comes in tomorrow. yaaayuh. im staying in tonight. ive been going to the movies a lot lately. the notebook was amazing and i loooved spiderman.  yea...i guess thats it. ive become kind of boring i suppose.
Ok so we won our game agaist HolleyHill 2day by 1 freakin point!!! It was kool, our first win this season for the ALL STAR team. Well n e wayz .... i'm hella bored and i dont know what to say so umm...L8ER
Reasons living is amazing.    ^^^Melissa&lt;3 .Thats one of our crazy raves    ^^^Samantha, Erika, and Francesca amazing best friends &lt;3   http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 682/loudmouthgrl23/meclarinet.jpg  ^^^Music/Band   http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 682/loudmouthgrl23/toadkiss.jpg  ^^^Clarinet Origys    ^^^Dress Up    ^^^John Cusack      ^^^Buffy/The Oc.. Greatest TeeVee Shows Ever
Today, i have a basketball championship game, then me and C.L. are gonna do something after. WISH US LUCK i have to go right now..  Yesterday was funny, i can't remember what i did...  omg, i had 2 peices of STARBURST yesterday... And now i relized, it isnt that good no more...  Bye Bye  much
I'm having my hair re-dyed black again on Friday! Woot! At least, I can get rid of this odd root thing! That makes me feel better. At least not thin then pretty, right?
Happy 55th birthday to my mom! :-) now im gonna go try and bake a cake 8-/ this should be interesting!! hehe
Yup, this morning I handed in my notice.  Everything's still got to be finalised, but I'm going to be finishing my dull, dull job next Friday.  And damn it feels gooooooooood.
Happy Birthday to me Happy Birthday to me Happy Birthday to meeee-eeee Happy Birthday to me  Would it kill you bums to wish me many happy returns?  LiveJournal.com already did!  And as a special birthday treat I've decided to spend the day at work.  Wooooo!  I really know how to live it up.  Though get this; I'm going to  buy  lunch today instead of making sandwiches.  Oh yeah; I'm livin' it up!
My new amp arrives Tuesday   After four months of bitching, Leadtek is  finally  sending me another board! (number four!)   A new  Transformer     Ozric  fucking  Tentacles
Anyone who knows what to look for may search around dead center in  this  image, seven or eight rows back.
OH MY GOD!I've gotten soo super lazy and haven't updated for a zillion years.Ok, well YIPEEEEEEE today's my birthday!Yay...and ahh (birthday beats), Ashleigh beat me up in gym.Lol.Anyways,I've been having a download fest and was downloading lots of songs.Yay!We (meaning my family and I) just got back from a Thai restaurant (yummy). Well, gotta go, time for cake.  bye
well lots of grenier hmwk to catch up on *snore* but oh well, i'll get it done this weekend and then math hmwk on monday night.Arg my weekend's are always so busy.Soccer, soccer and more soccer, it gets kind of annoying.But i love soccer.        Started listening to teh Fox.Pretty good. gunna go now
I called up Priscilla and asked her to dinner Tuesday, she said no. Then I asked her if she was going to the party on Saturday with me to which she also said she was busy. Going back to my 3-strikes rule, she has to refuse me for the next date and I'll tell her to piss off. She's so sweet and cuddly though. :(
In the ultimate reality show... God saying to the Pope, "You're fired!"&nbsp; Trump would probably try to sue him over it too.  &nbsp; Kevin's idea on how to replace him:&nbsp;    Who want's to be the next Pope   &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;a Mark Burnett Production
Ummmm ALCOHOL fucked me up last night.  It bent me over and made me grab my ankles.  I was terrible, out of control, and stupid.  i blame the generic bellows.  Cactus 1 Griff 0  I'll get my revenge next week.
Yay!!! Dear Friends concert is coming to San Diego at July 14, featuring San Diego Symphony! Is Nobuo going to be there?  Well, now I have something to look forward to in July as reason for staying in San Diego. Four more months from now...
Rush is incredibly fun.  I'll update you about that at the end.  My cellphone is broken so I feel like I've lost any contact with the world.  I am ridiculously busy between rush, radio, honor, and school.
Classes started today.  Rush starts tomorrow.  I walked outside into the snow today.  Um.  Alright, sweet.
Life has been fine.  I'm a little sick now.  I have lots of work.  I've done 1 of 4 exams.  My last exam is the 21st.
Right, so I'm about to leave for Thanksgiving break.  I'll be home until Sunday.  I'll be hanging out with the family and friends.  All of a sudden, UVA basketball maybe has a glimmer of hope after we took out number 10 (now 18) Arizona.  It was awesome we won 79-60 and then rushed the court.
If you need to find me, look for me on the concrete outside Scott Stadium at UVA.  I'm camping out for good seats at the Miami game which some might say is stupid seeing as I'm guaranteed admission, but I want front row.  Tonight will be great in comparison to last night when we slept in freezing conditions without a tent.
This is Horatio. He is three years old and needs a good home. Isn't he cute?     Do y'all hate me yet?
Now that I am volunteering for Operation Kindness I thought I would let you guys know about some of the sweet animals I see that need a good home. This is Bongo. He is a 8 1/2 month old Husky mix, they think that he will reach about 130 pounds. He is very sweet and laid back. Look at him, he just says, "Take me home and love me."
Well, Dan and Lydia are here.  I taught Lydia how to play beruit, it was very COOL.  We also went to see Sonja's concert, it was a blast.  Dan was halarious.   Now Dan is sitting here singing to me MEEZER songs.  I love it.  Lydia is awesome, dan is awesome, I am awesome.       -Mark Egan
Will be getting everything paid to federal back, and everything but $196 back from the state.  *note* if you're in college, and you're not taking the Hope Education Credit, or the the Lifetime Learning Credit,  you're screwing yourself out of money.  With this, I will now be in Florida for Spring Break, Canada to get a Talon, and save the rest for my house.  POINTLESS WOOT'R!!!
Everyone needs to check out this LJ entry.  Best ever?  Maybe.   http://www.livejournal.com/users/procyon 112/61674.html        Bob Dylan  -  Heart Of Mine
Things you must read!   http://www.jaypinkerton.com/blog/   The two specific stories are:  The two i was referring to: short, hirarious:  http://www.jaypinkerton.com/blog/archive s/000881.html   long, hirarious:  http://www.nationallampoon.com/travel/tr ibe/tribe.asp   Also good:   http://nationallampoon.com/nl/08_feature s/ikea_desk/ikea_desk.asp        msng  -  NBOX Radio: All Comedy
So, at work they've given us the option of creating our own online store to try out the various tools that are available to customers, and to come up with new ideas for marketing and site design.  There was no cost to me, yet if I can make it work, I get profit!    If you're looking to buy software, help me out!  My online store is here:   http://oddsoft.mainstreetstores.com/   Thanks!
Time for another Matt quote:  We were discussing punishing callers.  The quote:  "I'm going to fax you a newspaper.  Roll it up and hit yourself with it."  I'm leaving in a couple hours for duck hunting. It'll be a great time!  Back in about a week!
Photos of..  My shoes, my nasal hair, my neighbourhood, me and Jo, me making a body building pose in stripy underpants, my gaming set up, me playing WOW, my recent birthday and me being crucified when I was younger to follow shortly but first I think I'll just have one more little game of World of Warcraft :D
Erika drew me!! It looks really really good! I'll post it for all of you to see when she finds the time to stop being lazy and scan it! *claps hands*  I made a new friend today!       poogle_pu   ! Yay! I love friends! Lots and lots of friends! *squeals*  Ummm... yeah now umm.. woo! *tackles       poogle_pu   * Yay!
A young traveling salesman spends a night with an incestuous German immigrant family in...     Riding the Zeitgeists
Ignoring all the updating I should be doing:  Saturday 22nd January Theme: Goth/Punk Dinner provided about 7-7:30pm.  Bring empty stomachs  Everyone on friends list invited.  Especially Rae. Invite people you know I may not have contacted but who I would want to come ie: school friends and such.  If in extreme doubt, email me.  comment or email any queries (silvarai [at] maow.myip.org)
it was snuggled under the covers in my BED.  and i wondered what was in there being an uncomfortable bother!   hahahahaahaha &lt;3 life b&#233;a
i hope everyone had a great christmas...i did!  my best present comes tomorrow morning when kathryn arrives :)  well...im gonna keep it short.  later everyone
yeay for going home tomorrow.  boo to 8:00 business exams before going home.  yeay for going home right after the business exam!  talk to you kids later, time for me to pack up the computer so i can take it home.    keep it real kids.  &lt;3 kat
fuck yeah im home!  drew picked me up from philly, aaah passat, and we got some tony lukes.  cars are fun, cheesesteaks are fun, more cheesesteaks tomorrow night are funner.  i love nj.     peace out boys and girls
yay for kathryn!  im too lazy to type it all out right now, but check out her lj...   http://www.livejournal.com/users/ca87gi rl/
I got accepted to a college today!  Northeastern!  I know I'll probably go to a different college, but it still feels really assuring to have finaly gotten into a college.  I still have no college I'll go to pending a denial from Carnegie Mellon, but at least I'm into 1 backup so far.
Yay!  I got a catalogue from AzureGreen (  http://www.AzureGreen.com  ).  I remember going to their site, but I forgot that I'd signed up for a catalogue, so it surprised me.  So, yay!  It's really cool.  &gt;^_^&lt;  Invader Zim - GIR: I'm naked!
Your love is... by   ChibiMarronchan        Your name is...           Your kiss is...    erotic      Your hugs are...    to die for      Your eyes...    light up a day      Your touch is...    irresistable      Your smell is...    exotic      Your smile is...    amazing      Your love is...    everlasting               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
Hi everyone,  Just want to mention that my friend and mentor, Barbara Haworth-Attard (      haworth_attard   ), has started a blog! Barb has had 11 YA books published here in Canada and is having her first YA, 'Theories of Relativity' published in the States by Henry Holt. Yay Barb!   (      zeisgeist    be sure to add Barb to       yawriterblogs   ! Thanks.)
It's month-end. I always update my Book Club pages on my website and do draws for a faerie doll and a book. And this month an LJer won the faerie prize! Yay, Nikki!! (Of course, Nikki would have to live in *England*.)
just got home from going out ot lunch with Jenn. Yummy chinese food! Yay for all the seniors graduating today! Yay, for Emily, David, Steve, Jackie,and Angela!
What kind of aquarium fish are you?      Booger the Frog   You are an energetic clown. You charm all with your humor and cute face. You're not the sharpest fish of the flock but we all sure love you!           Click Here to Take This Quiz     Brought to you by   YouThink.com   quizzes and personality tests.
so happy valentine's day. i hope the sun's out in new york. i hope he bought you roses. i hope he bought you roses  tonight was goooood. and i got roses :o), wicked un-expectedly.   i hope everyone else had a good night
Holy shit, I haven't written in here forever.  Lots of stuffs has been going on, all of it good.  My life has finally taken a turn for the better!!!  Much love and kisses and lots of wishes!
the beach was so, so, so fucking cold.  but it totally didn't matter.  well I guess it did, since i'm bitching about it, but i was willing to brave the cold.  i haven't been called "cute" so many times in a really long while.
yay. double yay. finally the last ben folds ep arrived in the mail. its sooo good. omg.  on the cd itself they put on a fbi anti-piracy warning logo. so folds put on a pic of a pirate as well, and a pirate joke to boot!!
from kav   http://gprime.net/game.php/nanacacrash    it's quite easy once u get the hang of it, can combo one hehe  my score's 4889.57  *edits HIGH SCORE: 6420.16  Kav, beat dat :P  ;)
i've been sitting here, reflecting over the past couple of days.  this is going to be very short, and i know i owe you all more.  i'll write something longer when i can center myself.  just know that i am still around, and i'm thinking of all of you,  some   of   you  in particular.  at the moment, i am perfectly content to relax in his arms and spend the evening watching some movie on cable.
and now  norbert  is here.  he's really too swankified for his own good.  everyone should add him and make him feel just as loved as i did on my first day.  my own version of this so-called cryptic challenge will come later.  be warned, ladies and gents.  ;)
ok everybody i just need to get this out!! valentines day was so aweomse this year!!!! i dont kno if i've ever been this happy before!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhh thank....... u kno who u are!!
Had a great night! We went to the beach. I drove her car. Walked for a few minutes and played bamboo staff fights. She's so cool. I wish we could do it again. I feel better now.
nothing much to say but...Dana waved at me today before she left (driving her car). that was so sweet...
Oh, and see this? *points to upper right corner*        nevanoon    made me lots of lovely icons from my favourite Bean shot! I'll be showing them off one by one over the next weeks ...
Hi.  Thought I'd make a post because I haven't for a little while.  Nothing much doing, except that Steve bought me some novelty underwear as a surprise a couple of weeks ago.  Much fun.  I hope all is well with my friends in here and that Mari and Kit are having a good time together (they get so little of it).  Love you all.
not that I've got that much hair to pull at...  OK, folks, I'm back.  And I'm bopping to Avril Lavigne.   Am I squeezing you too tight?
if i didn't have a livejournal, i wouldn't have known that the superbowl was today, much less who played and who won.  big whoop.  i was much more impressed with the fact that séan has definitely found his hands today, and was making much of using one to grab the other.  he then spent a lot of time  reaching out  and grabbing the designs on my shirt.  w00t!
Oh!  Right!  Picture!         So there she is.  That's actually a picture that my Uncle took and sent along with her.  I just put her name on it and then forgot to post it last time when I was posting.  Bad me.   But hey, here it is.   Maybe that was why my Remembrall was going off when I was holding it just after writing my last entry...
You are Satchell Pooch.  You are innocent, kind, and nice.  You are truly a best friends when one is ever needed, even if you are a little naive.  You love the television show Cops and your favorite food is Jerky Bits.  You often end up on the receiving end of Bucky's Cruelties.      Which Get Fuzzy Character Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla
You are the cumulus cloud. You are nice and warm. Many times, you are in the center of attention. Other people admire you. You are at the top of all people.      Which Cloud Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla
I feel special. NOFX would tell me that I'm not, but in all actuality, I am.  My family is taking me and Jamie out to dinner tonight. I have no idea where I want to go.  Anyone have a good restaurant suggestion? I go to Red Robin all the time, and I want something different.
I took a quiz to see what my stereotype i am which i stole from Lisa.  Appearently i'm a Drama nerd! ain't it the truth.  well i would past the web site but im computer challenged so i couldn't figure it out lol.  anyway byt my loves
Who cares about me...i do i do  who cares about you...we do, we do    "I'm a delicate...dinosourious... to you this might be quite abrourious im a delicate, a delicate, a delicate...a cho!    Memories man!!!!!!!&lt;333333333333333333  I love all my friends!
Just got back from FST.  It was sweeeeeeeet...i learnt a bunch of ghetto hand shakes!  haha...it was fun guys   I wish i could have gone out to dinner after...i hope you all had fun!!!!
God I have been waiting for this day all week.  Now all I have to do is get my uniform and i will be done with band for the weekend.  OMG tomorrow i have to drove on the highway and i am scerrd.  ::CRIES::  God today was hotter than hell.  And whenever we were in the shade, something would always go wrong.  AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
Well my phone works now so its good bye bordeom and hello going out. So me, Leslie, Johnathan, and Matt went to the movies. It was preety cool. We were suppose to go to the movies but since it started at 9:00 and Johnathan had to leave at 10:00 we went to Oaisis if thats how you even spell it. It was cool I had fun.
"I Love her so much. Talk about Strong"           &lt;----PS. Thats a link. Click It.    "I belive(DOWNLOAD IT NOW!!!)"
Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    Holiday               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
I am a hybrid of:   Girl Next Door   Progressive Girl   Click on the pictures below to read more:                 Take the 'What Kind of Girl Are You?' quiz at CookingToHookup.com
Last night was pretty good. Minus the Bullet was good. Blood Never Dries was good. The Martyr Coalition was good. Leaving Neverland was one of the greatest bands ever.   I saw Dante and Sparrow at the show. I guess Japan Four broke up and now they are in a hardcore band. It was OK... I guess.  -Ashley diddn't go +Kim diddn't go!
I just fixed my computer. I have a brand new sound card and that is terrific. Last night I made a montage out of picture that I got from Ashley and that cheered me right up too.   This holiday season is really looking up.  I got a new shirt. It's a must see!
Well it has been 5 days since I updated and that is all wrong so I have to write in it, jetzt.   Hmmm... well I can't recollect in what order they have gone in but it has been Ashley, chess.   Except for yesterday when I went to Aarons house and that was fun and stuff.  I met his Grossmuter. Sie ist sehr interasant. To say the very least.   I made my christmas list.   Today I get a new chess set!
98% of this journal is friends only. This is because I want to know who reads my thoughts. If you add me I will add you back.. if you delete me I'll delete you. I generally don't worry about cleaning out friends list cos who cares how many people I have listed I love reading them all.  Thanks Krystal. xoxoxoxoxoxoxo
Well as some of you have noticed there is a new person posting on my journal, Destyny. Destyny is none other than my dear Leslie.  Welcome to LJ.com lovely! *smiles*
Hey guys. Well, it was an excelent show today, as allways!  Kelly  for a wile there had his mike volume down, that was hillarious, oh, he also had it on mute, lol! Congradulations to Rosie, yahe!
I know it's sorta lame, but I still love having a birthday. Probably because it's All About Me. I am 26 today!
Laura and I went to go play bingo tonight!!  We won forty dollars between the two of us...we would have won more but i forgot to mark a number and we didn't catch it in time!!!  Plus we won a cheesecake platter as a door prize!!!  It was a bunch of fun...and get this....we went with my parents!!!  Tomorrow should be a bunch of fun as well!!
Would anyone want to bang you? by phobia      Name:           Favorite Food:           Wants to Bang you:           This many times:    28               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
That just says it all:    Threat rating: Medium. Your total lack of decent family values makes you dangerous, but we can count on some right wing nutter blowing you up if you become too high profile.      What threat to the Bush administration are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
Many thanks to       redlillymodel   &nbsp;for dragging me along to a fun day at the  Beaumont Hall Studio 's birthday party!
The sun is out, the camera is ready, the bike is fuelled, my daughter's home from a school trip abroad, and I have Monday off&nbsp;:)
Nothing for yesterday + 600 cals at the gym :)  Today: yogurt-100 apple-55 pbj-220 diet pepsi-0 total so far = 375  Plan: 600 more cals at gym  Dinner: 1/2Meatball sub-220 cals  If I can stay to my word that equals -5 cals :D
~muffinmanwoman~                                    LJ  friendsCollage .  	    Brought to you  by       pratibha75    and       teemus   .
I woke up this morning feeling like I have a pebble stuck in my throat, and it's getting slightly more painful as the day progresses. I can't swallow or talk without it reminding me that it's sore. I think I may need a heavy duty Strepsil to take care of it.   I CAN NOW SPEAK IN TONGUES!!!
So I get to be an OA, even though Stephanie is not, which makes me VERY VERY VERY sad. :-(  I heart you best friend!!!  I got a 40 on my Stats test, which is decent for that class.  I got a 91% on my History Midterm.  Yay.
Congratulations to Thomas Christy!!!    SGA President '05-'06      Congratulations to the 2005-2006 SGA Executive Officers: President:  Thomas Christy Vice President:  Victoria Park Secretary:  Sam AbuMoussa Treasurer:  Haolan Cai Parliamentarian:  Han Zhang      &lt;3 Vanna Sombatsaphay SGA parliamentarian '04-'05
Saturdayness.  Adam and I spent a very pleasant morning running errands after a yummy breakfast and fresh juice (apple, orange and carrot... we got a juice extractor for Christmas).  Now we're watching the Seahawks vs. Rams game.  Not like it matters in the grand scheme of life, but GO SEAHAWKS!  It's been 20 years since they've won a playoff game.  Off to go be vegetative.  Happy weekend!
"Before he came down here, it never snowed. Afterwards, it did. If he weren't up there right now.. I don't think it would be snowing. Sometimes you can still catch me dancing in it."  Our christmas tree is BIG and I love it.   Let us go frolic in the snow, shall we?
i am in computer class, waiting for it to start. i hope nora shows up cause she has my book. ahh oh well. i have freda so help me! blah this is boring.  alright this was a good update!  ~amber~
They painted the outside of our house.  It's  really  bright:            The photos were kind of washed out, so I had to Photoshop them a bit.  Even so, the house doesn't look as bright on my screen as it does in real life.  Make no mistake -- this house is  really  bright.  It's awesome!  I met a few neighbors today, and even they seemed to like it.
Yeah...so school was way better today..still somewhat boring though. But I made a friend!(ha...) and introduced myself and talked to a guy..I think his name is David...(lol he said his name sort of fast). so hurrah...!
Hahahahahaha I win Mark! You made fun of me for sayin ur icon looks like Batman and im not the only one.lol so u cant call me a dork for that one!MiSsKaY8189 (4:44:05 PM): k doesnt that icon look like batman acedrummer56 (4:44:17 PM): yeah it does lol  MiSsKaY8189 (4:44:52 PM): wait if u didnt kno anybetta wouldnt u say its batman acedrummer56 (4:45:06 PM): yeah I WIN! now whos the dork lol
so i got my permit today! yay whoohoo haha and i went to a concert on sunday yah so yah i was reminiscing ( i have no fucking clue how to spell that) so here are some pictures that never quite found their way here
Hi my name is jeyx and this is my first post on live journal. Lemme tell u about a bit about my self, I enjoy playing the guitar, Collecting anime and hentai pics, vids, and games and I enjoy playin Yu-gi-oh and MTG (Magic the gathering) well, this is my first post, time to share my hentai to this community cya &gt;
Oh, I am so excited. Yesterday I received an email saying that I can work at JACON! For those of you who don't know that that is.... Its an anime con here in Florida. Well, I didn't think I would be able to attend it this year and now I can. The workers get in free.   This is great news on my behalf. So, now I can go and be completly surrounded by anime people. Yay!
Huu brought me in some of his black bamboo. It's super expensive so I'm really honored. I'm so excited. Black bamboo is so beautiful. This is the best way to get and give plants I think. Much cooler than buying them at a store. I can't wait to get it in the ground. I've already promised shoots to my neighbors.
Dragged my tired ass home to find the living room awash in a duraflame glow and that Tag and co. had been busy making me a Valentine's Day pirate radio mix cd - that ROCKS!  Listening to it now for the 3rd time.  I feel very lucky.  Each song is a reference. I love it.  Thank you.
wow there are 9 people in my house for the next week. I have 5 family members visiting, 2 of which are under the age of 2. I hope i enjoy it. I hardly ever have family visit since they all live in maine.
MxPx last night was so much fun. Definettly the best i have been to of theres. they played a bunch of older stuff including a couple of songs off there first album. I am gonna try go to go tonight too but i am not sure if i can. Things are going so well this week.
I GOT THE BEAUTY AND THE BEAST SOUNDTRACK FROM THE GREATEST GIRL JILLIAN RAE SUTER TODAY!!!! THANKS JILL. hehe
If you read my journal  or just skim my entries when you see them on your friends list, Even if I don't speak to you often and I probably hate you and constantly belittle you to our mutual friends, You must post a memory of me, It can be anything you want, it can be good or bad, Just so long as it happened. Then post this to your journal. See what people remember about you.
There's only one picture under the cut and it was of my Grandma's b.day party.&nbsp; I like it.&nbsp; Even though my Uncle Larry takes up half the photo because my grandpa has "mad" photo skills.
We are sitting in yearbook....fun stuff. Some girl started talking about how she thought yearbook would be an easy class blah blah blah, and i went off on her. It's funny how defensive we get.
Mornings are good....they are fresh and happy. Life is serene, lots of things to say, but not lots of time to type. Andrew is a youth minister...my boyfriend is a youth minister, umm, how weird is that? Dorothy, we're not in Kansas anymore!
it is like the most amazing beautiful day ever! im so happy!! yay the weather really makes a difference! now i can wear my amazingly huge sunglasses haha  MUCHO love and kisses    *gracie and mart dont forget about our secret plan tomorrow!! haha*
so i just took the bio test..it was alright not to hard but not easy.  we have art next and im mucho excited!!    MUCHO LOVE  OXOXOOX
i like kelly sharp alot alot alot alot alot alot alot!     No eden i wont buy a dog off of you your take you make and ermas thing
last night was a lot of fun went over kelly played kemps with her sister her brother and her. yea yea fun night then today had baseball at 11 that was good but i dont like waking up early i guess 10 isnt that early but i wanted to sleep in....  going to the y now then who knows about tonight well see
OY VA VOI!!!! i made a HUGE mistake!!!!  the are actually some people that DO love me!!!!  yaya! im sooo happy!!!! yay!!
go take a look at the pictures of me and my car that i uploaded at  http://www10.brinkster.com/bobdolem aps/sebring   convertibles fucking rock . . .
Yae and verily, I return from a week's vacation, in which my friends from Chicago visited down here. Great time, but quite tiring. Fortunately, they have now returned to Chicago and I am here once more, just in time for school and whatnot... joy of joys... I shall miss my friends, but life goes on, ne?
Well this weekend was amazinggggg, without a doubt the best weekend I've had since October... hahah lets see if next weekend can beat this one!  And I would like to say:  .i love all my friends&lt;3 .i love my BEST FRIEND  .i love Growing Up Gotti on A+E (which starts in 10 minutes!)
Back in November i did some work with Drac in a Box (      carmillavoiez   ). I photographed there new lolita line of clothing and worked with three lovely models       lolitarose   ,       ulorin_vex    &       goth_amalthea   .   All the items are now available to buy and are up on the  Drac In a Box  website.
So the good ol boys of MXPX are putting out a ten year cd dealymabob, its cool because its gonna have 2 new songs, and they are gonna be back with tooth and nail records, woo hoo!
Oz, Oz, Oz.   Christopher Meloni as Keller, HOLY HELL. Why are psychotic predators (as portrayed on tv & in movies) so unbelievably interesting?  And the guy that plays Kareem Said! He's just ... maybe the toughest, smartest, most thought-provoking character study I've ever seen.  I have joy that this show exists. Biting, man, gorgeous terror. Totally addicted.
http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 493/Blitzo273/a31cebc9c88ab8c52069f6a0fe 026e34.jpg   'Tis true =o   http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 493/Blitzo273/0f37130e06a7f61137aabcfc06 570c8e.jpg    XD   BROKE SCHOOL LONG JUMP RECORD =D =D =D YAY!
So I had a very relaxing day. I spent most of it with Steven, it was nice. Then I had to go to work, which was really slow so it kinda sucked. That's all for now.
...my hair soul mate.  Her name, I think, is Gladys (blowdryers are annoying that way).  She spent an hour on my hair.  It is pretty and happy now.  Woot.
Hooray!!!   Finally my Laptop it here. I'm sooooooo happy. I shall declare it my new baby.(next to Keropi and Mark of course, and keropi is not a doll btw)  I'm so happy
Ryan just called and we're officially having an arrested development marathon tonight. Everyone's coming and it's gonna be awesome, damnit=)
wow havent updated in a long time....school sucks nothin really else new. so today, school, skating, dance. dance was soo fun, our new song is amazin!! were doin 1 thing by amerie or something. uhhh i cant wait till summer, keli and i are getting our belly buttons pierced!!! yeya. its gonna rock, to bad i have to loose 15 more pounds. dammm i hate losing weight. w.e aite, peace
well...  voc  was ok as usual..  math quiz  was great, even though i didn't know how to do one, and messed up another, but i fixed it in the end. all good =)...
Watched 'Amélie' for the first time, though I know it's not a new movie. I liked it in whole, and it lifted my New Year mood in some strange way, along with a swig of Hennessy...  BTW, I wish you Happy New Year, if you celebrate it at all...
going to kansas until sunday that should be fun ... its actually snowing there .. so much for going tanning there haha .. well cya on monday !    &lt;3suz
i finally get my internet back after what my dad found what robin said about me!!! anyway how are u people??
omgosh i wrote aaron a really dorky note saying that i like him and wandering if he liked me and he said he did and he gave me his # yeah buddy any ways everythings been great nothing much going on um just been really bored yep ahh we came up with this thing me and heather dooshbager its great  hmm  well love all of you guys candace
Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    The Music in your Head               Quiz created with MemeGen  !       Ummm Yea. I am kinda liking this.
The true secret to happiness  "If A equals success, then the formula is: A = X + Y + Z, X is work. Y is play. Z is keep your mouth shut." Albert Einstein
Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    Anime OST               Quiz created with MemeGen  !       What the? Hey, it's different!! Panda it is different than the weird thing i got before.....ah well, its better than the one i got yesterday!!!! Heh heh. ^^
Happy Birthday Heather girl.  Also Happy Birthday to Mae's Josh.  Hope you both have a wonderful day.
YES! No Italian class today! thank GOD!!!!...i was thinking of not going today anyways!...so yeah lalalalalalallalalalala my room is such a MESS! its driving me nuts! thank god i dont have school on fridays!...yah..uh?....k then ppl! have a good weekend!
I forgot!!!!! On a happy note Phantom of the Opera comes out on DVD on May 3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can't wait.  Lauren and I had an awesome party too.  Thanks everybody for all my gifts.  I feel so old now. lol  Anyway don't forget to watch the Oscars on sunday!
I went back to work today.  It really wasn't all that fun, I got to drill stuff and saw stuff.  Tomorrow there's gonna be a surprise party for my advisor because she was chosen as journalism teacher of the year or something like that so I'm gonna go and get free cake :) That's it for now! Andy Roddick goes up against Lleyton Hewitt in the Australian Open semifinals!!! Good Luck Andy!
Things are good, you're right and I am so glad that we did go through that change because I don't know what I would do if you weren't in my life. Allthough I'm sorry it all happened when it did. Thankyou for you friendship and your love. I know things have been hard but it seems to me lately they are on their way up. Splisses... SSD
I have just received another part-time job...which will add to my busy (enough) life already! Sounds great, huh?! Well the great part is, I got hired on the spot! I went in to talk to the manager, where he told me there was a girl leaving Sunday so they needed someone ASAP. I start on Monday night! I can't wait, earn a little more money for the pocket!
yeah, i haven't updated since new years.  there's a lot i could say about my life between then and now, but you all know it already anyways.  i just wanted to show off my new icon.  isn't it awesome?  those rings were 86 years in the making.  it's about damn time...
Question: How many Bush administration officials does it take to screw in a light bulb?  Answer: None. There is nothing wrong with the light bulb; its conditions are improving every day. Any reports of its lack of incandescence are delusional spin from the liberal media. That light bulb has served honorably, and anything you say undermines the lighting effort. Why do you hate freedom?
Take the quiz:  "What Kinda Kiss R U?"     Romantic Kiss  Lying in bed after making love and just doing whatever.
cologne university accepted me, honorable mention from the general, $100 sports-authority gift-certificate, sold my car and majda took me to e-street cinema to see "born in brothels".
Take the quiz at dicepool.com    Alex gave me a d10 (his favorite d10 die, too) for my 15th birthday. Jim kneed me in the forehead :)  Yes, I still remember that.  stolen from       wolffy000      While I know what many of you look like, there are some on my friends list whom I can't picture. So drop a comment with a picture of yourself. Feel free to steal the meme.
hello. right now im hangin with chris and we're playin video games but hes playin right now so i decided to update cus Audrey was tellin me to nothins happened lately, cept earlier i went to a hoops thing there is somthin wrong with the pistons, they keep loosin...DAMN IT!!!! ok im gonna go cus we're playin video games  later
To celebrate my renewed vigour Carl, the barman is letting me perform a show in the club with all my hits. I may even do a few dance numbers...  Carl has been such a  darling  by putting out fliers, organinsing the food and such like. I've been rehearsing my routines in a back room.  I haven't had a drink in days I've been so busy.  It almost feels that I'm top of the bill again.
So, I'm in a better mood now.  Slept all day and had a yummy pizza for dinner.  Better.  No word from Daddy, so my day's been great.
I met Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy) yesterday at his official Tom Felton Fan Club Launch at Chelsea Football Club!! I had to get up just before 6am to make it down to London just gone 10!!! It was a fantastic day and I will be adding all details of the day including all of my pics in a few days!!
So I just finished reading this book, see.&nbsp; And I just had to tell you about it.&nbsp; Knowing that you, being highly intelligent, self-motivated out of concern for your fellow humans, as well as a voracious reader, have already consumed this modest tome...
the last journal i wrote was cancelled by my blur like sotong sis.my week in school is so darn boring. i want to meet my singapore idol.if anyone got any info of him pls tell me . thanx .
Guess what? I"M FREAKIN DONE!!! MWAHAHAHAHA! Its a 3 day weekend and I may just chase a waterfall.  Have a Dawntastic weekend! I gotta go, this green thong is killing me! hehehe  Later gator! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Had a grand time with Pinney today.   Where did STDs originate? Mrs. Matthews says Africa. We think it's not right to blame the black people. Anne says through a genetic defect. We say they are called "SEXUALLY transmitted diseases" not GENETICALLY transmitted diseases. Who knows?
Have some new user pictures. That makes me happy.   JC is doing something productive. That makes me happy too (I'm so twisted).  I get to direct again this weekend. That makes me happy.  Leroy, evidently, said something nice in regard to me the other day.  *sigh*  and I ran today  *smiles*
&nbsp; so i was updating my photo album with pictures just with me (like when i was really little and stuff) and while i was searching through photos, i found two really cool things:
TOMOrROW is my b-day bitchez! MWHAAHAHAH YEss! and im unclean a libertine and everytime you vent your spleen i seem to lose the power of speech, your slipping slowly from my reach you grow me like an evergreen you never see the lonely me at all. I WANT TO DO YOU ALL!
Its been a while and for those of you who dont know i am alive. Very happy to be alive and with Amber i might say.
Oh my lord. WS Champions banners unfurling down the Green Monster to "Also Sprach Zarathustra." And the 2004 banner covering them all. *dies* I have gone to baseball nerd heaven.
1. Reply with your name and I will write something about you.  2. I will then tell what song[s] remind me of you.  3. Next, I will tell you who you remind me of, celebrity/animated or otherwise.  4. Last, i will try to name a single word that best describes you.  5. Put this in your journal
Traxx was thrilling.  I was talkative without being overly drunk, and was truly impressed at the balance.
i've had a change of heart. i don't like the guy i used to like! yepee! just kidding. but i don't like him anymore! well that's all from me 4 now! oh i forgot... i'm gonna finally get a cell phone so i don't have to borrow your guyses any more! see ya!
HAPPY ST. PATTYES DAY!!!!  Hope yall had a fun time, got SHIT FACED!!! and some how maniged to make it home safley.
Yay, so this would be my first posty thingy on Live Journal. Thanks Molly! This post is going to be an incredible waste of space but oh well. I'll have more interesting things to say eventually.
as much as my dad and i argue all the time and have our differences...  it feels really good when he stands up for me!    :)
Hey yall..im in Iowa! Niiiiice. Well that project in english Kat,Maha, Heather, and I had to do...we got a 100 in!  Im happy.    mmmmmm well i really dont feel like typing anything anymore, b/c i just typed taylor a really really long email. So..um..ill update later??
WOO HOO! I finally finished my animation that has taken me over two weeks to do! It was worth it though!  If you want to see it, go here:   http://chanelcole.cc/forum/index.php?sh owtopic=2466   Also going to see The Aviator soon, should be fun!
i have officially decided to stop my livejournal. i have figured out that since life is good right now, my lj is quite boring.   also the only people who read it i call on a regular basis.  maybe someday i will start it up again.
I'll be venturing into Toronto on Sunday to go to Honest Al's (Ed's?) the giant flea market dealy... I've never been, and word just got here now about it and Derek's dying to go sooo I just wanted to extend an invite to people to see if they were interested in coming too?  I know Missy's up for it, anyone else?
I have triumphed over my computer! I have not lost my Inbox, after all!  Today... my computer! Tomorrow, THE WORLD!!!
TOMORROW!!!!!!! i can't believe it i was checking the date on my calendar and then i realized i was going to be 18 tomorrow. wow it is such a weird feeling to be almost 18. today is my last offical day as being 17. wow! i can't believe it!
Unless something unexpected forces me to change my mind, next Saturday night will find me at the above postered Concert.  Later in the month, weather and circumstances permitting, I'll once again be attending each night of the four-night  NIOSA , which has become my favorite part of  Fiesta .
all is once again lovely in the land of kristin. really it was before too but now it's got a label! haha.;)   it's looking like it's going to be an absolutely wonderful summer.
on a day like today i looked at you, and i saw something in the way you stared into the sky.  But I Can never find the words to say And I don't know why.    ...and it's okay.
She is smiling like heaven is down on earth Sun is shining so bright on her And all her wishes have finally come true And her heart is weeping.  This happiness is killing her.
Things are good.  Church rox my socks off  Mark is as hot and sweet as ever.  ;)  Working hella, making the big bucks!!!   That is all for now.  &lt;3 'N Stuff
I spent last night cuddling with Mark.  Holy hottness Batman!  Yeah it was great.  Cuddling is great.  I'm going to keep him in my pocket forever and ever and ever!!!
i gave a lovely good night kiss earlier.  more on that as it develops, i guess.    you should look at this, it's funny.  http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/meast/0 2/01/iraq.hostage/index.html
I have come to realize that I am a very sarcastic person. I don't know  who  to blame for this...but I'm sure the culprit is around here some where.
~Nepluzo2~                              LJ  friendsCollage .  	    Brought to you  by       pratibha75    and       teemus   .
HIYA everybody! i'm sooooooo drunk and it's really pretty fun! hahaha! i'm also done with finals!!!! yay!
Well today was the first day of school and everything went pretty well except when i went into the wrong classroom and had to like get up and leave with these weird people like staring at me! And when i got lost going to history and was late! actually i thought it was kinda funny. I hope tomorrow goes better than today did. And i think that this is gonna be an awesome year! i g2g! luv yas!
My weekend was the best!  I am really busy here in school, so this will be short.  Hersheypark on Saturday with the    hottest girl     (MOTHER!(inside joke)) in the world.   That all we did...no fornicating...get your minds out of the gutter!  We both had a splendid time.  I miss her so much.  My word of the week/month is Serendipity (i think thats right).  I need to get back to work.   PC
For all those who celebrate, a very happy and blessed Easter.  My little family woke to Easter baskets and pastries (coffee for the parents), church and lunch out, a Easter egg hunt later this afternoon (teenagers still love finding money in Easter Eggs) and dinner tonight with my parents.  A lovely day...
just when i thought my birthday was all over and done with i get another card today from my good good buddy Tifferny!!!! The card was awesome, but she also sent me a Park CD. thanks alot buddy, you totally made my day. I will be thinking about you alot tomorrow Tiff. I wish you well.
Ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring Banana phone. ding dong ding dong ding dong ding Donana phone!!!!  Childhood memories. thats all.
Today matt stopped by in the ambulance with his partner Chris. They are lovers. ha no. But they say they are. its funny.. Ok, maybe only to me its funny... okay moving on.
There is a nest of fresh green acacia leaves in the big tree outside of my office window, and in this nest is a family of squirrels.  We've counted three babies.  They're strong little things and are already scrambling around the tree.  Imagine having a vertical babyhood.
am too happy. left the bangalore community where either bats or rats reside. the morons were coming too heavy.. Oops! i can't lift off too much.
you know who I will bring the brush, have fun I know I will la la la lala. I feel like I am much happier for some reason! Not depressed ne more! Yea soo I guess I will leave you with a boom...................................B OOM lol  LOTS OF LOVE                            ~kalee~
i'm in a good mood right now so i figured i'd try and make another person be in a good mood.  ok, here it is..   kerri, i love you. :)
"Damn you. Damn you all to hell."  tell me: -name of the movie that came from -character's name -actor's name   there may be a prize waiting if you can answer those questions.
so today was a good day at work.. kinda slow  lucke made food and it was ready when i got home from work..woooooooooo we go to vegas this weekend.. i'm excited..i think we are just staying in and watching tv like always..
49ers beat the eagles, 49ers beat the eagles. Man what a "could have been" season. I said it once, but 5 of their 8 losses are by 3 points or LESS. Too bad they didn't get rid of that shitty kicker earlier. Oh well. They won the important one *evil grin diyeana*
Why do we capitalize "i"s? Why don't we capitalize "you"? To me "you" are as every bit important to me as "i" am to i Aren't we all as important to each other the "i" that we all are?     You and I ~~~Phill
I hung out with Step Down last night.  Got pretty buzzed and met the lead singer of Cutthroat.  He's cool I guess.  Gonna go to the Love 45 Concert, then the game, then the vip party for SD.  I'll update tomorrow before work.
I stretched all three holes in my ear to a 14 gauge.  They look cool.  Thanks Pat for taking me.  YAY I'm so happy.
Well I did pretty good last night.  Saving up the last few hundred dollars to move in with Jer soon.  I went tanning, Jeremy's in town, kinda scary, not too worried though
hell. i should stop complaining. LOL. he came over yesterday, had dinner, watched some tv. whee. twas quite alright. mum seemed to like him. and so did tricia -_* hee... luv my honey baby.
YAY RACIAL STEREOTYPE TALKIES.  Anyway.  Merry Christmas to all - I &lt;3 you Alison, and will miss you as you go to Canada.&nbsp; To each and everyone else, you all fucking rule, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.  I hope you all have an amazing Christmas morning / Christmas day.  ^_^
I'm so sorry about earlier...I broke the keyboard clear in two. I'm using Rin-chan's right now. I'm sure she won't mind. I'll try not to get too excited. Tomorrow I'll buy a new one...hopefully something a bit more durable. ^_^  Have I been hearing correctly that Momiji-kun is having a costume party? What a terrific idea! I wonder what I should go as?  ...I wonder what  Kyo-kun  is going as?
Heyla ^.^ I'm actually writing something here!!! ...I feel sad though...none of my other friends have a LJ T.T I got a new icon thingy from luna_rivera that i just love. *dreamy sigh*
J     Joyous       E     Exciting       S     Shaggy       S     Slippery       I     Insane       C     Cranky       A     Altruistic       Name / Username:       Name Acronym Generator  From  Go-Quiz.com
makes me upset when certian some people can comment on their friends journals, but fails to see that another certain someone would like them to recogize them everyonce and a while...
today was goodish assembly woo! drumline.....oooh  i &lt;3 ooooh soo much aj and i are OFFICALLY going out i'm sooo happy it seemed like i had something better to say too bad i don't I'm really happy right now
I love Grand Funk Railroad and hanging out with brittany. Now only if i could find a way to combine the two.............hmmmmmm.
How can you not love  70s comic book ads ?  I can't believe people are so wowed by that Hostess superhero shit when, hello, DIM MAK POISON HANDS TECHNIQUE.
Whenever I'm tired or depressed, I find it helps to spend a few minutes using Google Image Search to view pictures of cornball German 80s rapper Falco.           Ahh.
Happy Birthday to you! Happy Birthday to you! Happy Birthday (Arent ya glad I didnt get the to sing at the sushi restaurant) Happy Birthday to you!!!!
Whenever I'm alone with you You make me feel like I am home again... Whenever I'm alone with you... You make me feel like I am whole again...  However far away... I will always love you... However long I stay... I will always love you...  Whatever words I say... I will always love you... I will always love you...  =)
I realized how lucky I am.  Cause the most beautiful girl in my life is going to prom with me...  I love her
-but now is found. My luggage turned up, somehow, and arrived here this afternoon. I have stuff again!
*grin*  I have an official title now, for the web/interface design hacking I've been doing as of late.  I'm the Senior Development Engineer for Dancing Horse Technology.  Kinda makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.  *returns to building the semi-secret project*
IM NOT IN ANY TOUBLE! IM SOOOOO HAPPYYYYY! I TOLD MY MOM I DIDNT DRINK OR N E THING FRIDAY NITE N SHE BELIVES ME! YESSS NO GROUNDAGE OR ANYTHING..i juss cant go 2 kayleas =/ but we can still be friends!  it sucks tho...carlys mom said she cant b friends with us..but fuck it..she will never leave us!
ITS SPRING!!!! im acctually wearing shorts! ahahahaha! YES!!!  sorry, im not that excited (as you can tell)lol  :)
So I won't give up, no I won't break down, sooner then it seems life turns around. And I will be strong even if it all goes wrong, when I'm standing in the dark I'll still believe, someones watching over me.
hey all! what has been happening? my life has been good...i ike a guy named Tom he works at my work...we hang out sometimes...i am just super happy...i am talking to Korey on the phone...life is just great...i haven't had a good convo w/Korey since well...a long time...well that is all for now...God bless
Although we have experience bringing Glenda for long ride but I am actually more nervous this round. The older she gets, the more headache we have with her in the car. She can scream and shout once we get in till we reach the next destination...  Imagine.... S'pore to KL to Genting..   Surprisingly, she behaves quite well... and the trip is very pleasent. Think she really enjoys the weather...
...how amazing it is to see a room full of women doing butterfly turns with coloured chiffon veils fluttering around them and thinking, " I taught them that... "
Well, Jus & I cooked mountains of fluffy pancakes piled high with with lemon, sugar,  real  maple syrup, butter, seasonal berries, and ice-cream...and there's not one fireman in sight.  WE ROCK!!!  :)))
Golden Globes are tonight! Go Lost!  I also just got back from shopping and got three really pretty rings and a new lipstick.  As a small note I'm making a bunch of lj icons from Lost to be posted tomorrow.
In order to kill my boredom I'm buying a paid account. Finally! Of course now I have to work up the funds but still, yay for me!
thank u cassandra, gigi, n kaley for bein here for me this month...i fuckin love u girls more than anything.      +      +      lol for my cassandra!   anyways.... my report card kicked ass! my lowest grade was a 96 n i was rellly happy...things r awesome right now
New puppy! His name is Charlie and he is the most mellow dog in the word... he is 2 months old and was born on December 10th. I have no idea how to post pictures so they show up on the entry... so i just put the adresses for them. Somone comment and tell me how to make them appear.    http://www.imageactive.com/charlie
all things considered, this has been a pretty good day I'm going between being really tired and abeing really happy still a general sense of contentment tho I seriously love all my friends (and not just the ones I hung out with today) thought up some pretty awesome movie ideas. top secret, obviously. *dork*
ok THAT was pretty much fun we need to go back to fiesta ranchera again!! creepy spanish boys are awesome Oh and I went to krista's house with caitlin and we watched You Got Served which was HILARIOUS good day.
Beautiful, sunny day...too nice to stay indoors.  Heading out to visit with friends and have some barbeque.  Yes, Megan, I can leave my computer for that long....hehehe  By the way Happy 2 week anniversary to the newlyweds.
In response to the Mr. Dave picture (see below), Mr. Dave has done a picture for me based off of my naked zombie picture (see further below).     I &lt;3 Mr. Dave.
Yay I'm back home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Renda saved my life, and earned a good 200 man-points. That's all.
Way too much has transpired to update this thing, suffice to say:  I love home. And I moreover love all the people who make my stay *spoil me* here wo wonderful.  Gg and merry christmas
You scored as  John Lennon .        John Lennon             50%       Ringo Starr             45%       Paul McCartney             40%       George Harrison             30%        Which member of the Fab Four (Beatl
so i feel incredibly in my body right now, and just so damn happy.  I feel like I'm not carrying around this burden that I seem to always ignore.  I want to feel this way all the time.  I think I'm making progress in whatever it is that I'm supposed to be making progress in.  Life?  Something like that.
"The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, nor the kindly SMILE, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when you discover that someone else believes in you and is willing to trust you with a friendship."   Ralph Waldo Emerson
She's coming home for Christmas and New Year - I'm a happy mother!  My Sweet Pea's going to be with me during the holidays.  Yeah!!  I've got a great job for her to do during the holidays to help me and she's going to be great at it!  I've been fixing up things and I know we're going to have a good time.
I just want to say thank you to Darcie, Andy and espesially Geoff.  I am feeling much much better now about everything so no worries.  I also want to say congrats to Jessica.  Your movie came together beautifully and Darcie obviously appreciated it a lot.  So to all......Ta.
Well, guys.  I got my puppy.  I actually got her Saturday but I've been really busy and haven't been able to post.  Her name is Madison and she will cry if you leave her alone in the room.   My grown dog, who is about 3 times her size, is scared to death of her. She's white with these big black spots on her back and face.  very cute. well, I must go to school
So today I have smiled more than I have in a long time, laughed too.  I have had some really great music sent to me from a friend which could bring tears to my eyes.  Just when your faith in people is almost out, someone walks in and reminds you about the good things.
Everyone (sans Chris who was taking the picture) posing in my kitchen while waiting for our... um... SNACK.           Meet Larry the Lobster... The best christmas gift EVER. Click on him to see all the other pictures from tonight... all 46 of 'em.&nbsp;
The shed is finally complete, and has stuff in. I finally managed to wrest my due perspex windows from the B&Q Customer Services department and have installed them. I'm feeling very happy with myself.
The first day of the  Aikido Seminar  was awesome. A lot of people a lot of black belts and a lot of fun. I&#8217;m very tired and i got quite injured by a white belt not very careful. Now I&#8217;m fine except my knee that sores.  I&#8217;m still amazed of Doshu&#8217;s feeling that gave me. And tomorrow again!!!
Tomorrow... BIG DAY OUT 05 Lots of bands, lot of fun.  On monday i have my first interview for a job. And my aikido training is still going on.  New Zealand is very cool.
Well at least it was only 24 instead of 48. I survived it, not easy but I did. Just need to get myself sorted out again. But it's good to be back.
xRach Elba Gel x: Oh my dear lord. xRach Elba Gel x: ICP. Violent Catgirl: you know that turns you on. xRach Elba Gel x: Oh yes.
WATCH TONIGHT!!!!!!!!  I AM VOTING FOR DIANA!!!  I am sad that Jasmine was voted off but American Idol is a great show.
Oh my gosh!!! I went to the pound, hoping to adopt a gelert but instead i found a striped aisha! I adopted her. Her name is Gynec. Well, se ya! By the way, check out my other pets too!
I came home last night to no fluffy tailed tuxedo kitty, AND a freshly power washed deck and house.  Man, that deck sure did need a good cleaning.  Now if we can get a few days of nice weather, it will get stained a lovely color (California Cedar...ooww-ahhhhh).
i just wanted to say i had a pretty good birthday this year.  thanks everyone for the calls, texts, emails and IMs.  i really appriciated all of them and they all put a smile on my face.  i also loved all the gifts i got this year.  thanks and i love you all.    its really cold!    happy birthday kumi!
So This is Love  Cinderella Soundtrack  So this is love, Mmmmmm So this is love So this is what makes life divine I'm all aglow, Mmmmmm And now I know The key to all heaven is mine  My heart has wings, Mmmmmm And I can fly I'll touch ev'ry star in the sky So this is the miracle that I've been dreaming of Mmmmmm Mmmmmm So this is love
I went to eat sushi with my mom for lunch.  That was fun, my mom is great.     You are LuLu the least evil of all of them. Your just evil enough to not be an angel.      Which Evil Girl Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla
i'm six today. yesterday i opened my presents. and i had a power puff girl cake. today i'm gonna help frost cupcakes to take to school. And I have party bags to take to school too. After school we are going mini golfing. And I am bringing my friend.
I am happy. I'm going to school. Kindergarten . It's my first time. I am excited. I met my teacher yesterday, she's really nice. Her name is Mrs Lenz. I am going to say Good Morning Mrs Lenz when I go today. I am so excited.  That is all. My school is at 11:30.
happy birthday dad i picked this butterfly for you, i love you. happy birthday, i love you really really much.  happy birthday daddy
Happy Birthday  Sage.  I love you. I like to play with you. We play with the play kitchen together. I love you resss-cue boy! My mom made him a journal, and it's his first one ever. I am excited. I remember him being borned. I want to talk about it. Mama had a baby and I was a little girl. Sage was borned in a cabin. And he came out and I holded him. Now he is big.
I feel like a messenger going from here to there^^  Apparantly Sonchou just took the files off thier bittorent site but they're actually going to continue subbing it (YAAAAAY!!!) and distribute it through mIRC at:  server: irc.rizon.net room: #sonchou-fansubs  And Serge, I was wrong, Naruto wasn't licensed
there's no shortage of computing power here at work.  i just counted eight computers along the desk.  and there's only two people using them! from left to right we have: G3 powerbook, dual processor G5 with 23 inch cinema display, dodgy PC, dual processor G4, celeron notebook, G4 powerbook, gir (that's my box), and another dual processor G5. insanity.
Dinner and fine acting with a good pal. Enjoyed it all. Hoping to hear some good news from him later.   "Break A Leg" DeeBee.
It was great. Went to see DeeBee perform. He was spot on perfect. The man can cause goosebumps. His selection of songs was perfect and he was ask do another.  Last night was his 69th performance with Don Gill Productions. The money collected goes to a good cause. Don works with PWA Holiday Charities. He works hard on putting together a good show. Thank You Don.
of Great Company, good food, and fine acting.   Thank you again for last night. Your a good pal. Hope that your day went well and looking forward to hearing good news about what's coming up soon. *G*
I got my internet back yeah! ;[    well it's sorta funny; now that I'm back to lj everyone is all serious. maybe I should talk all serious...    nah...     joking around is much better.   good SC stuff  http://www.scmillennium.com/strateg ies.php/article/41
I adopted a cute lil' October birthstone fetus from Fetusmart! Hooray fetus!       say hello to KiKi!! MY VERRY OWN FETUS!!! :)     oh yah by the way, i   love   him.
Hepi Bdae to my sis and my bf:)  PF: May 25th, 2004  Wish you the very best in this coming year... Along with greater wisdom, maturity, success, strength, perseverence, faith, hope, love and blessings from Above...  Thank you for being y.o.u ... Each of you is special in your own way... From the bottom of my heart...HaPpY BdAE....
Play practice sucked today. There was so much disrespect towards Mr. and Mrs. Jones. I couldn't even speak I was so pissed. Everything blew except seeing my Love. I'm going to sleep on this. Hopefully I'll feel better in the morning. If there is not change soon on the part of the disrespectors, heads will roll. I will see to that...
Had a midterm last week for my cultural studies class.  Thought I bombed it.  They handed back the tests today- and I not did I pass but I passed with flying colours (83%).  Needless to say I was thrilled.  I beleive I shouted "yee-haw".
I live in the self proclaimed Butterfly Capital of the World.  I stil haven't figured that one out yet, but we do have an attraction called Butterfly World here.  We went once when I was wearing a flowery hat to keep the sun off my head, and beautiful blue butterfly hitched a ride with me for a while.
A quick thanks to       taketa   .  I asked in a chat room if anyone knew what the song was from the Fantastic Four movie trailer.  It sounded cool and I wanted a copy.  Not only did Tak know the song, but like ten seconds after I asked, he was DCCing  A Perfect Circle - Counting Bodies  to me.  That is just awesome.
There is something very satisfying and fun about doing Philosophy homework to classical music. Especially if it's Copeland's "Hoedown". If you don't know what that is, think of the "BEEF...it's what's for dinner" commercials.
1411 down 2589 to go...yeah man! three kids at work today=best day i have had in a long while...job offer to teach gymnastics classes=more money!! im so proud of you megs!
Just can't wait till the Easter holidays. I sure need one and robs booked the week off so we'll have some time together.  Well off to watch shark tale.  Hope everyones doing ok. x
Well the post i'd been waiting for for a couple of weeks now,came this morning. And well it was good news, i've now passed year 2.  :)
Happy Birthday To You Happy Birthday To You Happy Birthday To Rachel Happy Birthday To You.  Well for you in 25mins to be exact.
Well well so happy and relieved today.      Why?            Because Walsall are now set to face another year in the 1st       Division.      Now we don't even have to suffer on the last home game on sat       worrying if we will be safe or not.            We played Grimsby today and beat them 1-0 ensuring our safety       which actually means that we sent Grimsby down.            Everybody Cheer.
I'm finally done with Fall Quarter! 2 Tests, 1 paper, and 1 take home final (which was finished around 3AM last night), and it's finally over. Thank the lord. Now I have 3 weeks of Naked Voices arranging, honor's project writing, and work ahead of me! It beats hitting the books!
I'm in a good mood today.  :-D  Its bright and sunny out.  Its warm enough to open up the windows in the apartment.  The construction on our roof is pretty much done.  I'm just generally happy.  Life is good right now.    That's all.  Just felt like sharing.  :-)
yay i was bummed out earlier and now i'm happy once again thanks to two convos with two awesomeee people!!! :) :) :) :)  hcl608: ooooh rap music is lovely martha2361: haha yes it is, i dont normally listen to it but when im happy driving home from school i do b/c its fun to dance to, in my white girl way.
...Taz on the lap purring like crazy and the Steelers beating up on the Bills.  2005 is good so far. :)
School sucks.  That aside, this  site  is very cool.  Especially the sections on perpetual motion machines and other unworkable devices.     Perpetual Motion Machines   Museum of Unworkable Devices
I just wanted to leave a little note to let everyone know that our BBS is back up. You can get there from the main website. :) Ringo and Makoto worked very hard to get everything up and working, so if you get a chance, please come register.  Things are quiet now, but we hope to make it an active community again.
I was in a bad mood this morning. Lunch was great it always makes me happy. We were running around outside. My english presentation was alright glad i got it over with. Track is always fun. Tomorow were going on our trip!!! WOOT! it's gonna be the best ever. Try nto to miss me to much... just kidding.
Well it is almost spring break and things between room 15 and room 13 have seemed to calm down so last night my roommate Greg and I decided it was time to change that.  So well you can see for yourself what we did.  I think it is just awesome, if you ask me.
The mighty,    SHOE OF RAGE!      ...and lo, Arkash unleashed the mighty shoe of rage, and many saw it and trembled....for they knew the terrible power of the shoe of rage. And Arkash smote the stupid with the shoe of rage, and peace was restored to the land.    Book of Arkash 25:16   [C]
I think the subject says it all.  This is a tribute to Angela Burril.  It was fun while it lasted.  But you are fuckin nuts.  Like, my nuts are put away and your nuts are exposed
Livejournal is so awesome, I don't want to go to school tomorrow and miss out on all the stuff!!! :)  Let me try a different picture for this one!  I joined so many cool communities!! I can't believe there are so many people with the same interests as me! THAT ROXXX!!!!
yes, my router arrived on Saturday! Saturday of all days.. what a surprise :)  anyway, everything is good and im now working with linux. happieness and interesting.  time to watch stargate!  *wave*
Hi,  Please have me dj again sometime in the future so I can watch you do beautiful things on the dancefloor, you're a fucking awesome dancer and it makes me feel funny.    Yours truly,  Dave Espionage.
Today ran 4.25 miles (according to Greg's GPS watch) in 35:33. Sadly Larry passed me up at the finish line and beat me by about 5 seconds, but I'm still happy with the result. That works out to about 8:22 miles, or average pace of 7.17 mph. I'm pretty happy with that for now. We're going to be running a 5K next week, so I'm excited to see how that goes. Here's hoping!
It's been a year and a day since I last updated but I couldn't resist the urge to post this:      &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    classics are love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator        I guess that just goes to show that some things are just meant to be
Catty   Margo   Cory     we hung out and watched this all day--breast reductions haha                       nice house Jessie
[public]  I just created a new journal called       techciaran    for technical stuff, so I don't have to post loads of technical bits in this journal and worry about people nodding off, or thinking that's all I ever think about. :D  Also, unlike my other journals,       techciaran    is public, not friends-only. Anybody can comment too. Which ought to be cool.
My inner child is ten years old!    The adult world is pretty irrelevant to me. Whether I'm off on my bicycle (or pony) exploring, lost in a good book, or giggling with my best friend, I live in a world apart, one full of adventure and wonder and other stuff adults don't understand.      How Old is Your Inner Child?     brought to you by  Quizilla
so i finally go and buy myself a digital camera... hello world...now you will all get to see my life in photographs.  Lets see how fast I can use up nando's bandwidth before he pushes me to actually buy my own domain.  Consider this the long overdue step one of me actually putting up a real personal website...   enjoy!   http://hexagon.beautifulgray.com/album/
delalupin    got back just a little bit ago and she had the intellivision with a handfull of games and along with it there was some regular nintendo controllers, rf cables and a ac adapter....... score............   I love this place,       delalupin    is the best.......
I just got a letter from my birthmother and she sent photographs too!  I look just like her....  I'll type in the letter a bit later today...
I am now the proud owner of a very taped ankle. Lara came back from a taping session and so I was her guinea pig. It's hard to walk around on.
shaun brought home chocolate pudding and half an apple cake. yum. we havent had anything sweet to eat in weeks! and then i got anime in the mail. &lt;3 so today was very nice. i need more days like this.
Ok people, I'm finally in a good mood again. Whee! We had bacaulaureate (I have no idea how to spell it) today. Real boring but I got to wear all my stuff. I got real hot. I think this was the first time I realized I'm really leaving Parkview and that that's a really good thing.
Happy birthday to you!!! Happy Birthday to you!!! Happy Bithday Dear Angie!!!! Happy Birthday to you =D    Paul and Morgan say:                                               HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANGIE
Been wasting today watching trashy daytime television... God how I love these days, it's so great to be alive and well and able to waste over 3 hours just soaking in garbage...  My roomate is gone for the night, wanna come party harty in my room??
*Takes a deep breath* I feel better today about myself, work, life, and everything else. It's amazing to know that a 2 mile walk last night could help so much the next day. That's why I really used to love basketball too...stress reliever BIG TIME. I'm going to try and see if Hoa and Luke want to go walking tonight as well  Back to work
THE RED SOCKS ARE IN THE WORLD SERIES!!!!  BOO-FREAKIN-YEAH!!!!    *happy dance*  I think I'll actually watch the world series this year.  I like playing with Photoshop.  I think I'm going to go insane if I don't get a call sometime this week *freaks out and dies*
um... hi!  ^_^  yea, I dunno what to write, and my mum wants me to add me to her friends list so...  I'll do it now ^_^    Ja ne!  -meow =^.^= (cat's face for my mum ^_^)   -velvetiine
i had a very nice evening with my little katie.   i feel like a stranger to the person i was 6 months ago. in a good way.  oooooo aliens is on. awesome.  the end.
Last night was awesome.   I went clubbin for the first time.   I made out with just about everyone I was with.   I made a few new friends.  I got slightly tipsy (not like John though,haha)  Kansas and I are friends again.  This is the first time Ive been happy since Dustin....  I love you guys....
Guess who got accepted into the National Honors Society?? ME! Hoo ha.  Is there no school tomorrow??  Why don't people tell me these things??!  I've felt really asexual lately.. Like I never need to date again. Is that wiggy or what? Or maybe all single people say that.. ^-^''
i had an awesome ass weekend!!.. chilled with carly and eli the whole time.. had sooo much fucken fun with them...  me and carly left till the beach around 7 tonight.. it was so random... but so awesome... and i just got back from it.. but it was beautiful.. there was a full moon. and we were swimming in the ocean..ah i wish i could do that every sunday night..    i think im falling for it....
So at the end of this week I'm going to Boston. Weird, huh?   For how long, you say? Shit..beats me! Do I care? No way! Free ride! All I know is that I am going to FUCKING DIE in that weather, and that it will rule.    If anyone is so inclined..I'd really like to get some sweet mixtapes and stuff to listen to while I'm loafing and being awesome in the north.
Amazing night.  That's all I have to say right now.  Oh, also, TEQUILA!  Amazing and fun and woooh!  It's time for bed.  Write later. Maybe.
Yeah so for all of you who were clutching the edge of your seat...  THE CARDS WON! 5-4   Looks like we might actually pull off a decent season if they keep playing like they have the last few games.
OMG THIS WAS LIKE THE GREATEST CHRISTMAS EVER I am not gonna list all my stuff, but the one thing that i did want mainly was the wireless keyboard and mouse and i got that SCORE
i'm really at a loss for words, i had a spectacular weekend! :) wow!  MY BALLS YOUR CHIN!  aw shit i love you guys.
this space is now dedicated to the infamous Luke, my buddy, who turns 21 today.  and just becoz..                and you should never let the sun set on tomorrow, before the sun rises today..
happy COCK new year!!!      ok... ROoSTER new year. ;)       GONG XI FA CAI gong xi fa cai GONG XI FA CAI
this song is one nice 1... so i have decided to put the lyrics over here for all to share... dun 4get to listen to the song too!! hehe
got home a while ago... was out wif her todae... though wasn't reri out but yah out... haha sounds weird rite??
19/6/2004... a class gathering tat had went sucessfully... 1 which i went n i had no regrets going.. i mean tis is the 1st yr i reri went n i felt real happy going.. i was reri enjoying myself ystd...
HEY!~! hu touch my journal? *looks at my lao po* hmm tat naughty girl updated my journal (see previous entry)
Thank God. No, really. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I don't have much motivation to write at this moment, but I feel the need to write positive things 'cuz I am just so happy right now. But I'm also reeeally reaaly bored at the office, and the boredom takes over my happiness. But.. I'll be more happy when i get to go home and smoke a bowl and chow down.   EVERYONE BE HAPPY FOR ME!!
well, zach and I didn't have anything to do.  but maybe tomorrow. so I went to peter's and it was much fun.   evan: I wouldn't have sex with becca nizzi me: you are a homosexual.  blake williamson is the funniest person ever.
IM LEAVING FOR PARIS 2MORROW :)  ---  I*m so excited... I get to go away from my family and this really small boring town and all the ignorant assholes in it!!  ---  Kayleen :( 1 Whole Month... I*m going to be so Sad :(  ---  Now I*m going shopping to pick up a few last things before I leave.  ~&lt;3 xOxO~
WOULD YOU:  *Be my friend?: already am  *Have sex with me?:umm...scared to answer  *Lie to make me feel better?: no  *Spread rumors about me?: hell no  *Keep a secret if I told you one?: of course  *Hold my hand?: yes  *Take a bullet for me?:omg yes!  *Keep in touch?: yes!  *Try and solve my problems?: yes everyone of them  *Love me?: i already do more then ever  *Date me?: already am
A service dog was attacked and animal control is apparently not giving a damn.    Warning!  Graphic pictures under story...
although i must attest to the cliche ignorance is bliss...  i have also come to the conclusion that life is good =)
I have a new little nephew!! His name is Davis John Kling. 7lbs. 2 ounces!! he has hand feet...like me! hehe...ill put pictures on here later....when I figure out how to do so...  much love, rebecca
Wow today was a good day. School was definitely awesome today! :) Work was definitely awesome too! :) Everythings just awesome! Theres just no better way to put it :)   I wake up smiling every morning...:D
Today was a good day :) School was, well school lol. Got some new bball shoes and stuff...dr. told me at my "check up" thingy i needed ankle support...riiight. I had a good rest of the afternoon :) Bball practice was great...we all played and ran hard. I'm ready to actually win lol. Ever wake up smiling?   "I'm getting into you,  Because you got to me,  In a way words can't describe..."
Mt mom is buying one of these chairs for Julia.  How freaking cute are they?  (If anybody knows how to post a picture on this please let me know!)  :)   http://www.rockingchairs.com/shop-all.c fm/n=Specialty-Rocking-Chairs/aisle_id=1 059
Ok, so I have alot to update on but I have a visitor coming to my room, so ill do it later:o) Off to talk with Corinne!
Well, since I like punk music, but I don't know that much about it, Liz has been making me cds of punk. They're awsome. So I figured I'd make her Rock cds. You know the kind of rock that has no roll at all? Yeah that stuff. At the same time I'm making a cd of all Summertime Blues covers. Some of them are pretty good.
Henna is really SO cool! I now have a sword and star design on my (ironically enough) sword hand. Many thanks to the henna-lady Lawna. :0)
Isn't it weird to think that the old days are about to come back again? looooooooooooooooove it, soooooooo much!
So I went to bed at 4 am... my mom&nbsp;came in my room and she was "kinda" pissed lol.. and then i woke up at 8.30 I tried to sleep all day but that didnt work out .. so i just fooled all over the house.
I went to the BARC Hamfest today with Kat. Got myself a new mag-mount antenna. It was dissapointing overall but some good deals. Special thanks to KC4B for unknowingly showing me the way there aka I followed him.  We also went grocery shopping, watched the end of the Punisher, and had a fun day together overall.   In other news the wind sucks. I recieved a mortal blow to the face from a leaf.
Would anyone want to bang you? by phobia      Name:           Favorite Food:           Wants to Bang you:           This many times:    10               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
13-0  #3 AUBURN 16 #8 Virginia Tech 13  The game was sweet missing school for 2 days was fun too.  im gonna bitch about the BCS soon.... to be continued
Yay!!! She is happy for a while, how strange. Had a string of Highly enjoyable nights, this should last, i really hope it does. &lt;3
How quickly you are forgoten..Your fucking sad And I'm just to happy for your shit. What a wonderful day today. Going to see my girls tonight maybe. Things are just swell. I feel like i'm i'm in this crazy windy cave. Maybe i have just fallen down the rabbit hole again. I need a bath in milk.
the new moby album, hotel is SO GOOD! thank you       tomorrowsman    for helping me procure said album early. i was really geting jealous of all the peeps who had early access!  i love it so, so much! :D   in other news: teaching is hard.  especially math.  *and now more planning*   :end transmission:
happy b-day to you Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr!  Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.  -Martin Luther King, Jr.
lilypadnel   's x-rated x-mas was so much fun! we exchanged gifts and i got this ridiculous video of carmen elektra teaching how to striptease! i also bought myself naughty shot glasses:) so much fun!!! and nel's coming in two weeks as well!!:) yay! xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx
thank you so much everyone! i had a blast! more please;P and someday a weekend something? *crosses fingers for a snow day*
so yesterday was great! i went to my grandparents and looked at old pictures of my mom and my grandparents....
Your World (Part One): What is your world made of? [boys]     brought to you by  Quizilla        Your World (Part Two): Your social world [boys]     brought to you by  Quizilla       Your World (Part Three): How do you see your world [boys]     brought to you by  Quizilla    Oceans Twelve is good.  Go see it now.  And you can all deal with the fact that I suck at that picture thing.
i am a machine fueled by oil and the blood of foreigners.  i am a tool forged with silver and gold - obedient to my builders of affluence and wealth.  i am unwavering! incapable of fault! and steadfast in principle against the voices of reason!  I am the empire! i am the end! i am your almighty commander and god!  I am your new america! i am george bush!
From: "Neateye" &lt;nitaigouranga@aol.com&gt;  Add to Address Book  Subject: Gouranga  Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2005 20:14:24 -0000        Call out Gouranga be happy! Gouranga Gouranga Gouranga .... That which brings the highest happiness!
Yes,   The Judas Project   is at last finally mine!  Jealous much? It does contain "The Most Compelling Crucifixion Scene Ever Filmed!"
AIM  and  the internet are now working.  It's Friday.  I have a warm chicken pot pie in front of me.  It's payday.  I'm having a good hair day.  I also have one more Smirnoff.  ...   YES!
Which Tim Burton character are you?      Edward Scissorhands   Feeling a little out of place? It's okay. You're just not finished.           Click Here to Take This Quiz     Brought to you by   YouThink.com   quizzes and personality tests.
its been an okay week so far, i cant complain. nothing out of the ordinary though. yesterday went realy fast, which is good because wednesday tends to be a bit shitty. i realy wanna do something this weekend, maybe tomorrow even, thatd be good. uuuuummmmmm...i seem to have run out of things to say, sooooo...baibai^-^
...I have about 75 more, but with dialup it takes FOREVER to load. Ugh.   remember to check www.si.com after 2 p.m. today and read my column!!!
"good morning... LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL!!!&nbsp; *flap flap* ...start your day off the holy way... with christ checks!! its a miracle in a bowl"
You make the day seem brighter You make my heart beat faster You make it easy to laugh You make the sun come out You make me smile all the time  You make me wanna........ hmmmmm  shhh cant tell that part    You def make it hot in here !!!!
Yah For Jim!!!  Now everything can work out. I can go to my interview at 1:00pm and catch the bus at 5:30pm, arriving in Saskatoon at 8:30pm. Jim is going to be picking me up, and he and I can have coffeee and catching up time before I go to my brothers and sisters house.   Happy when things work out for the best.
It's always the day that I'm ready to throw in the towel he jumps back in my life. XD  We planned his trip up here. That made me happy ^.^  And I'd get 3 weeks with him. ^-^
i HATE Ari he's a jerk...just like all of the other ones...i thought he was better than that but he's not...bye bye Ari ....just to tell u...Anai...or what ever the fuck her name is well she's a BITCH!!!...ya i know now ur goin to be mad and ur just goin to wine about it!!!im so happy :) Ari is mad @ me YA!lol i dont care about him anymore he needs a live.
we sold our house!!!it sold for 840,000. our new house is kool but we didnt move into it yet...we almost bought a 1,800,000 house.it was so kool but we didnt we almost did though...it had an elevator...(lol)...we i hope we'll stay here a little bit longer i mean we were only here for a year...(we just move too much)....well im happy we sold the house.
Ari is my new good friend .he is such a nice guy ...he is the one who made up that poem that i love so much.                           your the best,Ari                              ~Megan~`
"Your my god. Thats probably why my heart is yours. And i aint grumbling for you are the god that brings me life."     You are Oriya.      Which Yami no Matsuei Character are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla
hurray! I finished my Knowledge of Language exam this afternoon--- three hours of writing and morphological analysis (though more of the former, of course).  I rather enjoy morphological analysis, actually.  And it's over and done with, which is the most important thing! ok, on to my freshman seminar ppr--- formulate a thesis and reorganize... woohoo.   -Jannie
got some antibiotics!  apparently the swelling under the tongue is related to the massive swelling of the tonsils, and even though it all hurts like hell, i'm on the mend.
So I should have been in bed half an hour ago, but exactly half an hour ago I just realized that:  "OMFG SFHGKJdg hoafd fglOGsmgf gh  I CAN SCREENCAP  NEVERWHERE   .. AND MAKE ICONS!  sGHJKfhk sgjkshdajh dsa *insert fits of joy here*"   so. here i am. half an hour later, and i'm pretty much done randomly screencapping the first episode. TOMORROW.. I MAKE ICONS!   *glee*
&nbsp;  pritty lillies........i love spring time cause everything is starting to bloom, it's warm outside, and i just feel happy.......
Who got their license?  That's right, Sarah did.  Even though I almost killed us.  The guy is way easier than the lady.  To quote that guy that did that thing, "everything's going so well."  By BU official acceptance packet came today.  :).
Dear Mommy.........  thx for the ~~lavender and canon in d~~ =D feel much better now n feel so relaxing hihi  have a nice weekend mommy n jelek bat =)  ta ta  luv ya
Wow, with yesterday's cold, windy and rainy weather, couldn't tell what to expect today but it turned out to be an awesome day!
Today...  1) I ate a box of Cheese-Its, 3 Bacon sandwiches, 3 bowls of cereal, a lot of cookies, a bag of jellybeans, a Kit-kat bar, bowl of ice cream, and now I'm eating pretzels.   2) Band practiced for a solid 4 hours and I'm becoming more deaf every week.  3) Talked on the telephone.  4) Finished up calculus homework.
The scary paper is done and ready to be turned in.  I don't want to go to class tonight and I seriously think that I might just turn in my paper and cut out early because I have a midterm to write tonight for my Shakespeare class tomorrow.  I'd love to be able to watch  American Idol  with my brother and then rewatch the OTH Wedding...because there is Jake!nakedness and that's hot.  I want sushi.
I reccomend the subject movie, To Sir, With Love, to EVERYBODY. In fact, it should be played in schools to portray that attitude. The movie was a beautiful coronation of attitude problems and such.   Everyone should see this movie. :)
If you see your name on this list, it's because I'm looking for your e-mail addy to add to my Christmas card list. If you'd rather not get one, that's okay. You can either leave your addy or drop me a note at slavetofashion69 at yahoo.ca. I promise I will send good ones. :)  Ashes (I have your addy, but I want to make sure it's the right one!) Nia Princessy Pip Xerin Raven
we got a show tonight at the masqurade with crooked edge and hopesick, 2 very good bands, hopesicks drivin down from tallahassee for this show. so come and support if you can =o)  tonight at the masqurade doors open at 8, $8 unless you have that lil flyer thing  hopefully see you there
If there's one thing I cannot stand, it is someone who lies to me.  The truth will always come out and make it's way to the surface.
go us! we own our second bball game! (against consol, 18-11) i am very happy cos i was (beleive it or not) nervous for some odd reason, and i still didnt screw up....THAT badly. tho i did get yelled at by the ref and by coach rice :&lt;( oh well. speaking of coaches...i was excited cos we had so many coaches!! and no....yeah. &gt;:P
Watch out all you Ipod enthusiasts. This news story has been told by me to many, many people, so here's a news story about it happening:   NYU warning students not to use iPod headphones    Taken from  The Morning News    In other news I am seriously considering an Ipod, since I can get a discount, and I want to listen to my mp3s more in the car, and I want to run Linux on it.
WOW its definetly been a long time since I have updated this journal, and Im telling you now, it will be a short one because there is nothing new in my life! Well, church is awesome, God is awesome....yay for Grad photos this Friday! well, I must go now...I warned you it would be short...c ya  Caitlin
yea well i had to babysit till 12 from 330 but i made lot'o mula wish i was there with my loves tho :(
"hello" all in class and hating it cuz i hate this class cuz i know nobody...     haha heres a "shout out" to mike i dont hate you your my BFF!!   okay later &lt;3 G. davis   post scpript-i saw my name G davis today on a new seat chart for class in english hahah so she calls me as g davis its flippin sweet
Hello All!!! Its been a long time!! Spring Break was AWESOME!!!! I did miss my good friends back here in Columbus! But I really enjoyed spending time with the parentals. So yeah, I got really burnt in PC. But you need not worry, it was all worth it! Well I gotta run! Italian diction in 10!
i hate all the bitches who lie and cheat.....  i hate all of you lying assholes and all of you who front right to my face...  i see right through you and right through your mask...i truely see people for who they really are....
Happy New Year! Hoping the new year brings a lot of smiles, laughter and fun.  Love To All My Beautiful Friends!  &lt;3, Heidi
Anyone like my journal's makeover? It is so ready for spring!  Gotta go get ready for the slumber party tonight! Ciao Bella!-Now I spell correctly after Holly's instructions.I swear I have grammar girls chasing me around. =)  Love, Heidi
Big and Grand Big: Hooooooooo  Youza Hoooooo  Youza Hoooooo  I said that youza hooooo    I love you both!!!  Happy AOT Day! :)
Dreams should be like wildflowers- easily picked by the roadside as we pass, then quickly wilted. Dreams should be like stars- making us reach, pulling us higher asking us to give our all.  Follow your dreams for as you dream  so shall you become  We've got to have a dream if we want to make a dream come true. ~Denis E. Waitley  It's DREAM Day!!!! I Love my Big!!!!
Golden ratio?  Forget about it.  "After the greatest treasure is found, the greatest hope is lost."  Fuuuuck!!
its been a while since i wrote in here i turned 16, 3 days ago i got my license yesterday, im back w/ branden, i got my braces off and got contacts......well actually not that much has happened im kinda a loser.........well ill write more im on my way out
New photos are here - finally including the ones that were done by Pixie Fotos. Can you guess which ones?    http://lynette-paterson.fotopic.net/c43 5154.html
Ok heres some screen shots I made of Doom3. Doesnt look that bad on my card. Just I hate 640x400    Doom 3 screenshots   system specs are   p4 2.6 512 ddr 333mhz Radeon 8500 128meg
I finnaly found a pic of me at Anime Expo with this Kyo(SP?) cosplayer I hung out with on friday she was cool anyway anyway here we go.
Well today I'm feeling better :) So I'm going to go clothes shopping with my savings - bad, I know especially considering I don't get paid for a while.. but still, I DO need shirts and a pair of pants.. :)
Yesterday I got a few things accomplished. I actually arranged to have D's 21st shipped off only like three months late, go me.
I hate Valentine's Day.  And, I like staying home with the babies when I should be up at school. I'd rather be surrounded by the babies losing my sanity baby-sitting them than going back there.  Oh Yeah, and in case you didnt catch it the first time...       I HATE VALENTINE'S DAY!!!
i thought the concert was awesome. visually it was really intertaining.  i enjoyed myself. even though i had to view way too many gross ladies and their tits through the "tommy cam".  and even though they played like one chorus of without you. durrr.  now i need to go do some laundry. so i can officially get myself packed tomorrow.
If you don't have it already,  get it .  I command you to.  Funny... here they've been working for years on a quality, cutting-edge, open-source browser, when all they really had to do to get me to switch from IE was use a foxy name and logo!
Merry Christmas, peeps!  &gt;^.^&lt;  And a Happy New Year, too, just in case I don't get around to posting then.
I hate to hurt people. I hate how I can be sometimes. And I hate most of all that it's all of my fault because I make bad choices.   Why can't I be a better person?
w00!  Laura has been published in the Rebel Yell...!  She is officially a writer.  I'm so proud of her.
"Because of you I notice the taste of water, a luxury I might otherwise have missed."  I have had an amazing week.  - PMC
Well, finaly got my nipples peirced and I must say it was the most painful of ALL my peircings.  Though strangely the most rewarding...  So now I have many adornments and I am happy...pictures to come soon or when my pecs are suitable for pictures...anyway, good mood...it's strange and I have typed 13 dots in this post...16...19....BLAST!!!
I am now the prowd owner of a CZ-52 a Czech pistol that fires the same size round as an AK 47 and can apparently go through a layer of Kevlar.  That makes me happy...so, when I pick it up on tuesday I will go probably just sit and stare at it for a while then put it away so I don't try and shoot it until the 15th when I go with Daniel to shoot things...
You are the playful pin-up!  Do you know how to be serious?      What Type Of Retro Gal Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla
I'm happy!  I don't know, it's random, and maybe silly, but it's that kind of childlike happiness that's pure and uncomplicated and doesn't really care.  And I would start singing, except I can't quite seem to decide what song to sing.  So everyone, think of your happy song, and sing it for me and for you.  I love you!
Wow...I am happy. Besides the fact i have a D maybe F in Physics, i'm happy as hell. I'm going to college...I dunno where but, i'm goin! i have a wonderful girlfriend whom i love with all my heart. And i have awesome friends.....happy happy....tired tired...happy...tired...hap...tir...h...t. ...ASLEEP!
Score one for the GLBT community.....those who know what I'm talking about may agree with me.  Enough said! :-D
Hotmail increased their free email storage capacity to 250 MB!  I could have used this about a year ago -before- I did a mass deletion of stuff, but at least now I don't have to figure out how to forward mail to a g-mail address.
Well 2day was our first full day, it wasn't that bad cuz we had a liturgy for about 2 hours then had like 30 min classes. My classes are generally good and a lot of my friends are in them so its fun times. Nothing really goin on 2nite, i gotta get up at like 7 again 2mrw bc i have a vball tournament all day. Andddddddddd that's really it. xoxoxo.
Make friends with your past...  And you can leave it at last...  I might be starting a whole new LJ.  Who's interested?
So, while I was hoping that there would be much crushing and destroying of the Eagles tonight, I'll take the win. Thankee.  As a side note, if the Pats make another superbowl in the near future... they're gonna win by 3 points.  I'm just sayin'  ;)  -MechaGM
So, I was poking around on the internet this evening, and swung by a fun site I've long been fond of,  The Underdogs .
Hey everybody, looking for something to do on this sunny afternoon?  Maybe you should check out the unique acoustic songs of me, Jon Maranville, at the Campus Coffee Bean today from 4pm till 5-ish.  You know you want to.  Thanks, bye.  P.S. Today is the day to vote for your student government. nau.edu/asnau Vote before 5pm
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!! JESUS &lt;3'S YOU!!   today was a good day...i went to church then ate some seafood yummie!! And im waiting for Michelle and Christina hightower to come..their stayin with me tonite whoo hooo...everyone have a great nite and keep rocking for Jesus because he is awesome!!!
guess whos going to richmond today til tonite nite? ME!!!!!!!!!!! so if you wanna hang call 409 256-9500....or call michelle or nina hightowers cell phone!! everyone have an awesome day/nite...GO CRAZYYYYYYYYYYYY!!! AND KEEP ROCKING FOR JESUS!!!
well im gonna be working at Bath and Body works again folks! and most likely New york and company or rave or another clothing store..so everyone pray that i find another job...guess whos goin surfing this sun? that would be me well it all depends on the waves but for sure going to the beach unless my 2 favorite twins bail on me then i will cry hahaha everyone have a good day lata
Mallory seems to love Mr. Dressup.  I know this seems silly, but I love that she loves Mr. Dressup.  And it means I get to watch it with her. :)
Hi  Okay new to this so not much of an idea what to wirte. But hi.  Bit about me. I am addicted to fanfiction and mainly wanted to start tjhis account so i col dget my thoughts and ideas down somewhere.  Feel freto talk to me as i always reply and i hope someone out there finds me intresting.
I think things are finally getting back to normal with Tania!!  I rang her last night after having arrived home and seen what she had left written on my computer.  I actually ended up ringing her twice :) I may be horribly hungover, but I'm feeling very happy!
So you decided to call yourself       aubookworm   &nbsp; eh? Welcome Jayashree! For those of you who do not know her, she was my room mate for 6 months. God alone knows how I put up with her.But you see, I'm a nice girl.So I shall spare you all the details. Jaish is very fond of reading.Passionate about music and can cook good food.       ashwinb   &nbsp; , she can really cook good food!
I got my Venus Trap Fly again :D Thanks       ashwinb   &nbsp; . It took some time to come home..But yeah,it's finally where it ought to be!
3 minutes to go till my birthday is over.  It's been a heck of a 4-day celebration!  Anyone who missed me this weekend... I might have to call my Sentient Spanking Bench into service again next weekend so that you can catch up ;&gt;  Thank You to everyone who helped me celebrate or sent me their good wishes!  Mwah!!!  You all made it one of the best birthdays in memory.  *ear to ear grin*
My sweetie is reading my LJ! She noticed that I hadn't mentioned her yet.        iy    is the sweetest, most wonderful woman in the world, and I love her *so* much! I'm glad she's reading!
..........  Juice.   Inui-san is going to teach me how to make the juices he's always drinking.    It's going to be so fun and it's especially awesome since I can make it for everyone when I get back to Hyotei. :)   I think I'll make Atobe-san some first since he is buchou and well, buchou should get to taste it before anyone else.
While down on the creepy first floor of Wilson Library among the periodicals I found these today.  There must be a couple hundred of them dating back to 1950, and I plan on returning to them often.  A splendid find.
Ok kids, I promised I would tell you all if I accomplished everything on my list yesterday.&nbsp; SO here's the list with my comments right after.
so i'm back from flordia and i want to move there god it was so beautiful. i'm tried but ready to go back to school and get it over with. in other news there was this girl and she was on a plane....lol some of you will get that joke. so i miss everyone and i cant wait to see you all i have a show friday at the nlc come out it's gonna be rad   love always,  jared  playlist armor for sleep
great day 4th block i made a cast of my foot it was awasome i'm gonna paint it some really really cool color chruch wasnt to bad and tommrow i'm hitting up g-burg with sara chas and ricky then off to flordia with the nlc that wil RAWK so i'm out for now you all rock my sox off   love always,  jared    playlist of the day relient k norma jean mewithoutyou emery
today is good ball game this morning we lost i'm glad that finally over hung out with billy tonight we went to the falls and hung around it was really cool i havent been there since i was like 8 i enjoyed that much more l8er happy easter everybody
in the words of the great hank willams jr. WHY CANT WE ALL JUST GET ALONG! yes i did quote and yes i might own a cd    love always jared
i just got back from a dtae with james. it was so muich fun! we went to starbucks and a bunch of stores. it was so fun!
OH my LORD!! Is This It? is THE BEST CD I OWN!!!!!! I can't believe I haven't listened to it recently!!
I havent updated in a while. Nothing much has really happened. Just real busy with softball. Yesterday we played against Kerville. We won. 6-3. Tonight I am going to eat with Heather, her sis, and neighbor. Twin Mountain sounds sooo goood:) Varsity had a game today. They lost. Coach Rob is scary. I never want to make him mad. I got to go get ready to eat. It's going to be so good
tee hee. new picture of me. okay, older picture i found and made into an icon. hee hee. that's me and kate's mouse. hee hee.   god i'm horrible. i got drunk tonight off of one screwdriver. it was a good screwdriver though. hee.
Like my new back-ground? I LOVE it, it reminds me of summer SO much!  Today I didnt end up going to dance because my mom needed me to take care of the kids. Then she came home with a new fish tank and I have been working on that.  And gusse who got ALL A's on her progress report! Yeah I think that was me!
Yay, I got my car!  It's a my Uncle Bob's old 2000 Toyota Echo.  Sort of a cameleon green/blue.  Drove it back from Modesto today.  Took just over a quarter tank. =)  Go go gas mileage!
hehe, look at them! they all have their eyes closed and they look so funny. flash mustve got to them...like the photo people&nbsp;can use flash anyway. but its ok if shawn marion kept getting into to the key with the nice assists by stevie &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Hey everyone guess what? i beat&nbsp;kelly s.&nbsp;in HORSE today! man it was so awesome. ok thats all!
So if anybody was listening to 89x at around 10:30 and heard an Eric from west bloomfield winning tickets to...  -THE USED -MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE -SENSES FAIL  IT WAS ME....I WON BITCHES...I WAS ON THE RADIO AND ERRRTHING  AWESOME    o yeah, im fine everythings good im enjoying life  nice talking to you all  Eric  PS to my boys in the pool.....kick some ass tomorrow ill be there
first of all thanks to all who came to my party i appreciate everything   second of all  MY FRIENDS ARE THE COOLEST  they got me a disc golf basket how awesome is that  now its gonna be practicing 24/7  katie is coming back tomorrow and im pumped  and i love summer its the best  Eric
So i decided to update,  ITS MY BIRTHDAY IM 18  thats fun   ive been doing alot of work making myself some cizash   doing alot of missing of certain people who like to go to NEW MEXICO   so thats all  everybody enjoy your summer  ERIC
PISTONS ARE THE BOMBDIGGITY  everything is well   im, making money and hanging out summer is fun already   birthday in 14 days hell yeah  Eric
WOOT! if anyone is not reaping the huge benefits of yahoo's new 100MB storage capacity (free of charge!) you are&nbsp; absolutely STOOPID!!! i went from almost 98% storage to a MERE 1%!!!! it boggles the mind! yahoo is the GREATEST!
today i had one of the best days in such along time. i played milford today!  0-strikeouts 2-popflys 3-basehits 1-double  we won both the games :). Thank you keith for coming, it ment so much to me!
aaaaaah im in such a good mood!!!!! yessssssssssssssssssss. hahaaaaa. no one is home so im listening to random music really really loud. hahaaa. today was a good day. even though i had lab... ew. ha. i looove delays. yes. i was still sooo tired this morning though, but the day got better as it went on and i woke up more... haha.
Michele sent me this URL that I thought was a serious "google"  but it was a april fools generate URL... damn funny!    http://www.mymsnsearch.com/results.a spx?q=Kevin+Spidel&FORM=3xrDt4c5dRXl
my favortie boy in the whole world came and watched me swim today. :)  today is my baby sisters birthday. shes turing 4. aww, i love her to death.
hmm havent updated in a while..  friday went to sarahs distefano's party. mm yes.  yesterday went shopping in boston for sarah bush's birthday with sarah, emmer, isabel, julia, kristen, sam, audrey, and hannah. we got back around 6:30, and then i went to johns house until...eh...11ish.  the background on my computer is now claudio from coheed and cambria :-)  comment. that would be nice..
I made a quiz!!   I made a quiz!!  I made a Quiz for you!  Take my Quiz!  and then  Check out the Scoreboard!
my resolutions are twofold: 1: to be even more super than i already am 2: to try extra hard this year to believe in unicorns
i went to the mall with samanther todays. i got pinstripe pants ! i'm so excitedddd! i also got a book and a tanktop and a belt. wootwoot. i love shopping &lt;3 i met her parents too. they're so cool =D SHOONDEEEEEN lmao so much fun!
doing "home work" exept kinda not.. going to mary's later and swimming in her gigantic hot tub.. I think i might go play my guitar something! I am tired and bored... yepppppppp  11 more days till FLORIDA!!!! Hum di dum.
Finally! Finally!  I've been looking all over for Donnie Darko on DVD, and now, finally, my mom found it and bought it for me! This is one of the happiest days in my life! Seriously, I nearly orgasmed when I saw it.  Wahh. Thank you mom, I love you. ;_;
Love! Passion! Truth! Freedom!   All these things and  more  will be put to the test in the next two days as I journey in a train from Stavanger to Oslo. Wish me luck in my endeavour, and pray I don't get eaten by bears!
I wish the words weren't so girly. ):        what's  your  battle cry?  |   mewing.net  |   merchandise!
you are just so fucking cool! and the stories you tell make me and you cry i can see the pain and suffering in your eyes and i see you hiding back and im here for you and there is nothing to run from
jenna, kathleen, and bianca listenedto my stupid girly problems.  It was really nice of them to let me vent.  But last night ws actually really fun! went to the football game for like 5 minutes but it was way to crouded so we went to the next best thing food! haha and we ate panda and talked and talked then i talked on im until 1 haha i know im a loser.
got top braces off went surfing with kelsey and had so much fun saw a few friends caught up on good times and ate really good pasta!! it was the funnest day i had in a long time
I recieved the following text message from sean the other night and was quite amused.  Text Message from Sean... sent 7/5/04 @ 1:50AM  get ths. Im fuked up. But ynu are a great ruy. I joined your force. You roek. I wana tato blue roges skull on me. Youdbe on my airship. Aj best friend.    Heh. This really made my day when I saw it in the mornining! Thanks again Sean! ynu are a great ruy too!
YAY for teacher workshop days!!!!  Tomorrow chinese food with Straw, Alicia, Danielle, and Rhaina.  Shoudl be a good time!!!!  Cant wait to hang out with some friends.  Then movie night with straw.  Ahhh how i love not going to school!!! :)
Started at Willows today I loved it. Today was training on behaviour management and stuff but I think i will enjoy it. 3 Days to Go! woohoo!
Apprentice last night with blond dude:                                                                                                        HOT
Kyoko's diskdrive is working! And I ate WAAAAAY too many cookies. My stomach hurts. O.o; Rippy rippy, whoohoo! Zoo! What the fuck am I talking about?
yaaaaay, yayayaya, I got a new job :D Well a two week trial at least, working in a primary school. I take care of kids before and after school if they need to get dropped off early/stay late. It was weird, I thought they wouldn't take me because I have no experience, but apparently studying education at uni is enough *shrugs* It pays really well too...I hope it works out.
She's back... and I'm nothing but happy right now :)  the semester started up yesterday... we all turned in our assignments and went to McD for lunch. This being the second time the past 2 months I got stomach aches from eating a McChicken at the same McD...  I refuse to believe it's my stomach only.. and I refuse to believe it's a coincidence. I'm not eating there again...
the other girl is out of the picture and the flirting is on again  so no more, I tell you, no more chickening out!  I must do something... she's just so cute :)
Psha! What a night. I went to the Jimmy Eat World (JEW) concert...and definitely had the time of my life. During Taking Back Sunday I found myself in the middle of a mosh pit. Awesome, other than the 40 sweaty crazy guys around me. Jimmy Eat World, of course, stole the show. Fantastic.
From now to Sunday the 24th I'll be puppy sitting in Shelburne,  So, contacting me will be shaky, try the cell phone, leave a message if I don't answer, good luck!
yeah, so i was at my moms today. and she started bitching at me and i told her to fuck off. but after that when brooks came over. it was all fun times. we walked to my dads. jammed it all up. and sang funny emo songs that we made up as we were singing and playing. then i came back to my moms. which sucked. but today was fun.
*Does a lil dance*  It's all good, went to the doc and he said it's eh ok! But the way he said some things, it was very amusing...haha...wonders of straight doctors...lol.  *Happy dance again*    -Joe
I've decided that this song fairly describes how I feel intermittently lately.&nbsp; Not all the time, but this song just screams to me for some reason:
oh btw yesterdays comment about ijournal wen it loads up it I said ti says 'loading friends' it doesnt say that at all..it ses 'getting friends' god that sounds worse!
READ:   A Present For Everyone tops 1 million     Sales of Busted's album 'A Present For Everyone' has now officialy reached the incredible 1,000,000 mark in the UK!!! This is an amazing achievement and on behalf of Matt, James & Charlie a huge thank you to everyone who bought a copy and contributed to this landmark position.   How kl?!   LOL.
I learnt today that I am one of the elite few who don't know the concept of life, or in other words I live life to the fullest. I will write more when my parents go to sleep and I can go on without getting in trouble.  Sorry Larri about the mishap. Never happen again.
hey! today was a long day. school went by to slow. then at one i had to go see some crazy lady. but whatever. then i came home and went to this parking lot with some friends. Alex busted his ass and broke the ramp at the same time lol. Sorry baby i love u but it was funny! well i g2g. write again soon hopefully..
I have decided a few things:  I will lose the weight I gained one way or another iTunes radio is awesome and now my endless source of new, free techno.  Life is good.  We watched Shaun of the Dead tonight. That was a pretty gross movie.  Anyhow, back to being the loser that I am...
I have far too much to stay here for, but I can deffinately understand why I did what I did.  With everything good that comes my way far more bad come with it.  I want a smaller yang.  FUCKING FUCK.  I want to be happy and I can think of only one way for that to be and I really doubt it will happen.  Smoke a cigarette and sleep.  Thats my advice to myself...goodnight.
I am very happy hooray.  I like long good talks that end in smiles and giggles and kisses hooray for them.  That is all I have to say  I AM HAPPY.
Why won't the sun come out? I need to tan for prom! I know I look weird without a tan. Oh man. For the past few days, all I've been thinking about is partying. I seriously need something else on my mind. Oh well. Going to a jazz bar tonight. Will collect some drawing references and get myself a nice smooth drink. Of warm water.  -koff-
I won't say why, plenty of reasons, only half regarding anime club. ^_^  That said, today was fun.    And soon... Soon I will have a fic I am truly proud of.      Anime watched today: Spiral, eps... 9-10 is it?
I am at school. I will be here until 9 or 9:30 tonight. That makes me very depressed...lol. Oh well I have no choice. I am dead tired and think I am getting a cold again....hopefully not. My daddy is bringing me Subway...YESSS!!Hmmm....my life is boring...so there's nothing else to say! adios~x0x0
I'm always excited for the days to come; you make me optimistic, you make me smile.  Thank you for that.....
my day wasnt bad, had fun, i miss you, im talking to you as we speak, i made cookies today but they werent as good as the ones we make, im a pisces, youre an aries, i have a free weekend, no homework, so i got that going for me, which is nice, i have a lot of instruments in my room, i cant wait till next friday. i will now continue to listen to the stories behind our signs.
every one made me feel very happy today. i love my friends. more than i love coke. i do not love kswiss commercials.    ps... wish ya'll could see drunk kira last night!
Sushi. I need it before I go home to frozen hell. Frozen hell indeed...it apparently snowed 8 inches yesterday. Watched Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind last night. Great movie, total mind fuck. Time to get ready for this rainy, rainy day.
Happy 14th Anniversery Brandi!! I Love you soooo much!!!!! You are my life, and you know you always will be I LOVE YOU!!!! I can't wait for July 3rd 2004 YAY!!!  C-ya baby!!
YAY!!!! 11 Months and so far not one fight!!!! How great is that!!!! YAY!!! I love you, and know I am gonna be with you forever!!! C-ya Sweetie!!
happy 19 months.   i love you and miss you more and more everyday.  can't wait to see you in about a week :)
Yeah!  Happy Anniversary to us... Two years and counting, and many more to follow. :)  I don't know if it seems like the wedding was yesterday or we have been married forever (in a good, comforting sort of way) but all that matters is I have my sweetie.  It's a shame we both had to work today, but we have a mini-vacation planned for this weekend.  I can't wait!
today was pretty kickin' actually.... i mean nothing really happend that was like MEGA WEIRD EXCITINGO but i mean it was pretty tight my new hat got me the name of grettle from like half the world but eh i just know never to wear it again....
"The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart."  -Saint Jerome "If you can solve your problem, then what is the need of worrying? If you cannot solve it, then what is the use of worrying?"  -Shantideva  Sleep well all, goodnight.  Megan
Well, I went shopping in Spokane today.  That was exciting.    Well....g'night.   Sleep well everyone.     Question:  If there was one thing in the world that you could do...what would it be?
Merry (day before) Christmas!  or.....Merry Christmas Eve!  I hope everyone has had a wonderful break so far....and to those who have been working...I hope that it has been going alright...Love you all and I wish you the best.    Love always,  Megan
And the other here! ^.^:::: This is my absolute favourite picture of me.. The icon-making thing blurred it up a tiny bit but it's still really pretety.
~taps fingers impatiently~ I should get my paid account sometime next week. /~dibscake will BE HERE.  I get the five dollars as of tomorrow, mail it off Saturday and then I GET IT.  Today, Stalker Boy asked for my phone number. Oo; And I GET TO TAKE THE SATS. ^______^ Cause I'm "gifted." and If i do well i get to go to duke university. ^_^ For an awardy thing.
Whoo! I get braces in approximately two months. ^____^  My mouth: Peg Lateral, Top Row, Behind Bottom Teeth Square, small left of incisor 50 percent overbite when there should only be 10-20 percent NO WISDOM TEETH! EVER! WHOOO!  I want braces... =D
Well, Happy New Year!! it's 2005 baby yeah!!  i have not written for a long time actually, let me start off by saying that i'm back to the daily grind of work and school...my god, two weeks off and it went by mad crazy...I just finished writing an essay that i've worked on since mid-october..i am so glad i'm rid of all that stress...jeez what a day.
Got home last night. Saw that we had some strawberries left over. And Cool-Whip. Mom made the biscuits and I fixed the rest. I've had 3 strawberry shortcakes in the past 16 hours.  I'm feeling much better.   And my entire family has the cold.  I think Im going to get another one now.
It has been sooo long since I have last written in here. It has been a pretty busy few weeks with work becoming more and more hectic as people do their xmas shopping. Cleaning up the house after the bathroom renovations were done. Cleaning up my room and then moving into another room for when my grandparents come down from QLD. They are coming today!!! YAY!!!
i'm going to a pflag meeting on saturday and i put an application on the most beautiful dog today...life is good
i think i can actually say i'm happy right now, or at least a lot closer to happy than i have been in a long time.  but why is it that the idea of being happy scares me a little? i wish it wasn't such an unusual feeling...
And I'm here in one piece.  Uneventful trip--made shorter by someone's suggestion to bypass DC on 301.  Great recommendation.  The house is in amazingly good shape, and seafood is calling to me.  More later.
Happy April Fools Day    My  last post  was bull crap!  It was my lame version of a April Fools joke.    My sister Kate (      user   ), pulled a great  April Fools joke , after her first one simi-failed. See Kate, this is what happens when you get Old, Slow, and Out of Practice!    Peace, Kevin
I'm home for the  Holidays ! YAY!! I'm here until  Jan 3rd ,  so IM me or Note me and we'll meet up!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you for making everything perfect.  Thank you for making me have so much fun I forgot about everything else except us.  Thank you for making me realize even more how lucky I am.  Thank you for loving me and being so easy to love.  Thank you for all the memories you have given me. You make it so hard to walk away.  I love you!!!!
Yeap, today was my 3 month evaluation at the bookstore and my boss gave me a .65 raise.  So I'm happy now, it makes a big difference on my checks now and makes working there seem more worth it.  Anyways, nothing much happened today so I'm gonna makes this short.  Gotta go study.
OMG I have gotten the best news ever! That cant be told here. I am sooooo excited right now. I cant wait for this summer if it works out! I am praying that it will. &nbsp;I got to talk to alot of my sisters on the phone tonight and online. I got paid today and went of a shoppin spree. I love family!!!!!!!!!! I miss all my sistas from camp
I hope everyone has an amazing and happy Christmas.                       All My Blessings                         Brittany
my second dramafeste is over. the first was the hightlight of my 2003 and i suspect this one might be the highlight of my 2004 as i don't see anything bigger coming my way. it was truly the most amazing experience i've been blessed to have and friday night was... fantastic. fantaaaaaaastic.
U  CAUTION      IN THE INTEREST OF SAFETY IT IS ADVISABLE TO KEEP ROXTINE_DURLEY AWAY FROM FIRE AND FLAMES.     Username:     From  Go-Quiz.com
It's been a long as time. lol So everything has been really awesome for the both of us. School is kinda dragging, but eh what else is new?! lol Nohting new has happened, i don't think. For me, soccer is awesome. I don't think roxann is enjoying golf as much lol cuz of the weather. just a reminder for everyone: Roxann's B-day is on Dec. 5!!!! Don't forget. Take care, Luvas, Christine
I had the longest conversation with Shizuka. It made me happy. Why is that do you ask? Well, because I didn't think we'd have an actual conversation without me coming off as 'mean'.   I really hope we can do that road trip. That would be frikkin great! Ha! I didn't swear! I must be doing well!  Oh shit I won a free soda!  Yeeeyyy~! *in a sing song voice*
I'm in such a good mood today. My mentor is back on lj. XD My sister has a journal. Ryou's my boyfriend. Everything seems good at this very moment.  Of course...that is until Yami no Malik comes back online.  But as of now, I'm going to do something I wouldn't normally do, but I just feel I want to right now:  &hearts;    Damn you Ryou for rubbing off on me...XD
I went to Beckys today for her bday party. Ah it was fun, and her family is hilarious LOl. Aside from getting lost for almost 2 hours, today has been great. Happy Bday Beckyyyy! &lt;3
john mayer was amazing. he is a musical and lyrical genius..  All you need is love is a lie cause  We had love but we still said goodbye Now we're tired, battered fighters And it stings when it nobody's fault Cause there's nothing to blame At the drop of your name, it's only the air you took And the breath you left..  thanks wooge for taking me :)
tonight at work was the best night!! i made two scarfs while i was bored. they are soo adorable. i made them out of fleece. ill have pictures of them soon.  i bought some things. im making bracelets  right now. and i bought my mommie a fuzzy snowman. wooo. today was great. i got everything done and then some.  tommorow im going to andrews house to watch movies
"Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, and therefore is wing'd cupid painted blind"   ... Oh, Will Shakespeare, how you complete me!  Pssh, What?  I'm not a drama geek!!  Man, screw that.
ahh yesterday was amazinggg... when i got to burlington liz and heaney were still there so they ate breakfast and then headed out. then me and jimmy just hung out in his room for awhile cuz the weather was shitty, it was snowing and windy as hell. we headed into burlington to grab a bite to eat at manhattans pizza. then we walked on the lake but it was freezing so we went back to st mikes.
well, this weekend has been a blast. I saw Jimmy friday, saturday and today. it was glorious so i'm going to recap
i'm wearing love beads, i have a daisy in my hair, and rima is coming to get me.   in my language, that translates to "i am happy."         (you look like a mermaid.)
Happiest of Birthdays to someone who is always so good to me, brings a smile to my face on a regular basis, makes my kids SHOUT WITH GLEE, and is always a nice addition to a family gathering.        kingchiron   , may your day be filled with joy, and your year be filled with wonder and happiness.
Happy birthday to the sweetest lady I know,       darthhellokitty     May your year be filled with love and laughter.
Vote Prediction for a_lease_uh              John Kerry            Username:         2004 Presidential Election Vote Predictor  by  Hutta .
This is what it takes. It takes hard work, determination, faith, hope, and luck. That's all it takes to be amazing. Some of my artwork is going to be displayed. I'm so excited. It's not really anything big, a few select students, but it's still my first "show" of sorts.
*snort* Yeah, right. However, I did manage to do some laundry and cook an actual meal (from a recipe and everything!) for me and Little Veggie. He, of course, ignored the meat and potatoes and ate a whole mess of green beans. No wonder he's in the 25th percentile for height and weight (it also doesn't help that CT and I are both short...poor kid...)
well, I hope it doesn't keep anyone away (I do want people to read it...) But first, an ear update...
I'm sooo happy! Just finished watching qualification for Australian GP and Fisico got pole! Yeah!!! His first pole ever! Finally!
Whoo-hoo!! Thank you to whomever nominated Deciphering for most orignal plot over at the Lost in Spike Awards!! THANK YOU!!!!!!!!
So, my mom and I were watching the Angel episode where Doyle dies, and she made the comment that it was so sad that the actor had died of a drug overdoes and she wondered if it was because of his drug addiction that he was killed off the show. I've looked online, but I can't find an answer, so....Does anyone know why Glenn Quin left Angel???????????????
YAY! Consequences of Reanimation has been named story of the week over at Buffy/Spike Central. *BIG GRIN*   also, have yahoo instant messenger in addition to aol now, if anyone wants to chat.   p.s. moving sucks
http://www.overstock.com   You can find a lot of nice home necessities here at a fraction of the cost.  A lot of music, too; I picked up three CDs that I wanted, and I don't think I paid $30 total for all 3.  Between those and a 400-count sheet set, I think I only spent $78.  And only $1 shipping!
i just laughed harder than i've laughed in months, and it was with my dad and my brother so it made it that much better. i had a wonderful time with my mother tonight. things are good.  me and robert ... ROBERT AND I  ...stupid fucking jordan....just went in the jacuzzi together. we had a splash fest. it was cute.
i just wanna dance with david alan grier. not pam grier though. fuck her.   i want to smell roses in the morning. i should just focus on waking up in the morning.  i love the world, even if the world doesn't love me.  ahhhh the smell of happiness.  for the first time in a long while, i'm happy to see my mother tonight. it's been a while, and i'm looking forward to our dinner date.
Bought a guitar today after quite some time! :) A "Givson" Venus Rosewood Acoustic with an in-built pickup. This should be my 5th guitar in 8 years and none of the previous ones are with me now. :| Now, to work some magic with these rusty fingers.... and unleash all cacophony on the unsuspecting neighborhood!
My brother Joe came home from Illinois! Woo! Were watching Ace Ventura 2...man I love that movie.. Joe's home!
New Skull Shaped Hair Combs Price: $3.00 US & $5.00 INTL (No s/h fees)    New Hand Carved Fluorite Mini Skulls  Price: $8.00 US & $12.00 INTL (No s/h fees)   Find 'em all here!  More Carved Gemstone Skulls and Other GREAT Goods Coming Soon! Check in often!   GothRosary.com     "Something for everyone from the Devout to the Demonic!"   Hugs, AntiSally
I was bopped. ^-^ By a rather frightening and forboding person.   But I learned to bop back, rather quickly and appasrently I'm "getting somewhere" so. WHo knows! ^-^ I might try a bit harder!    &lt;3 Neil is lovely by the way. Did you know?
Feeling extrodinarily happy today ^=^ But anm not sure as to why.   But its nice all the same. ^^   Hope everyone else is happy too!
Finally Photobucket.com is cooperating with it's users, and we can load pics again...Yay! So, here are my firework pics from 4th of July...I'll add other pics from the 4th and other times later. Enjoy!
Hola, I ate at the Jade E Garden today and it was great- much more uplifting than last night's football game!  I was quite disappointed in the final score- 25 to 20 in Oxford's favor.  Oh well, we still get one playoff game.  French Vanilla cappuccinos kick bootie! Oh and George Bush is my hero!  yeah!
A wonderful and happy birthday is wished to Katy, Debbie and Jared! I hope you all have a great day and I'm so looking forward to seeing Katy & Debbie later this week so I can deliver proper birthday hugs!!!
I had a very interesting conversation with someone yesterday.  It was....interesting.  Maybe a little weird, for both of us.  But it also felt really good being able to be so completely honest with someone.  Hopefully the experience will be repeated.
'ink has been dripping from my fingers, onto this blank piece of paper, creating lyrics, poems, thoughts, emptying my heart, feeling so much better, so much happier...'
Irish meeting yesterday was great!!!!  i had so much fun. meet a lot of new people, and made friends. didn`t go to the gym cause it ended to late, but really it doesn`t matter. we`ll go friday. val and i have to work on our speeches. i`m so excited and nervous. seeing nellie on friday as well. :)
@ work like always. last night i went to bed so fucking early at 8pm i was passed out. lol. did a lot of writing right before passing out, i think i need to get it all out. won`t write any of it here, to personal and directed to people...not good. something you just have to keep to yourself.
This is the description of someone I imagine in my mind.&nbsp; It's actually a character in a story.&nbsp; Tell me what you think!
Yesterday was fun. I played like five different types of Poker with My brother, who came to visit. I love him! I wish I saw him more. Then I went shooting with some friends of mine! I loved that! I shot a 22 and a 30 30. The 30 30 had a little more kick and hurt my shoulder a bit. lol. But it was fun. I love trying new things!
i just got home from chandler, and guess what i picked up?!?!?!?! my boots! finally!! my life is complete.
the format was incredible last night!  what else could i have expected though?  they are always great!  i had a really wierd dream last night.  CA was on fire and i couldnt find anyone i knew, and the firemen were shooting flames at me.  definitley a strange one. welp i hope everyone has an awesome day.
Kimmy is official potty trained now!  I thought it would never happen.  The Bean (aka Courtney...aka super kid!) was fully trained by 2yrs.  Randy was 2 yrs 8 months which is basically Kimmy's age now.  Damn there is just nothing cuter than a tiny hiney in Dora the Explorer panites.  LOL.
Chris got down on his knees and proposed to me during a Collider concert... and we're still going (and planning)! :)
Just got back from the first actual bike ride of the season. One hour, just moderate tooling around, some hill work, nothing overly strenuous.  I feel great. (Yes, Kellog's Nutrigrain Bars great.)   Mmmn. :)  (And now I get to start training for that bike tour!)
Day 5 at waking up with alarm or before alarm, and falling asleep easy around 9 or 10pm!!!!!!! I'm so excited. It's such a sign of healing.   I'm not exactly running circles or anything when I'm awake as I am still tired. But I can do laundry and cook meals, get dressed. It's a vast improvement.
nothin much goin on, david's down, and we've been having a lot of fun.  other than that...just working...a lot...yay...(that was sarcastic by the way).
I'm off to NYC for a week, so I'll be incommunicado for the most-part. Expect lots of pictures when I get back!
*cast in Elephant Man  *sister came to visit  *sister left ;)  *tape came off finger  *caught up on makeup homework  *2 classes cancelled tomorrow  *Dark Lady set no longer hypothetical  *crosswords  *Terry Pratchett  *Brandt eating pizza with a spoon
Today my sister got into Harvard Law School. I am so proud of her. The only school she is waiting on is Yale Law. Here's what she has to choose from.
Goal reached. I'm here to stay! Thanks for the love!  This calls for a celebration.     You don't have to stop feeding me comments, though.
"Don't marry the person you think you could live with, marry the person you think you couldn't live without..."                   -Rebekah
I'm really happy today because i helped  out with a bake sale and had alot of fun.i also have alot of friends and family members that care about me.Everyday i feel like going to  school because i know i'm in a secure place with people i have fun with. i also have great teachers. teachers that make me laugh and enjoy studying. got to  go bye
well its been nice lately...last night i went out with the girls michelle erin erin maddie and whitney and we ate at fuzio and stayed there forever...it was nice to be with them...then today my roommates and i opened presents and ate cake and listened to christmas music its grand
oh i love working for Ohio!  they will pay me to go to school and it doesn't have to be related to anything!  my supervisor doesn't even have to know about it, no approval needed.
Bean bag chairs are filled with styrofoam beds, so it is like you're sitting in a big styrofoam cup, and it gets nice and warm.
5th period. almost done with the day. YESSSSS.   got a date to the winter formal today. WHOOHOO!   I still hope the over-religious evil people in S+D just go away forever.   Need to memorize monelog from Taming of the Shrew, the greatest Shakespeare play EVER.   good day, good day.
that my nephew Mojo (Morgan Jack Riddle) didn't run screaming from me when I came into the room. In fact, he spoke to me for the first time ever. If you don't count the banshee-like shrieks I usually get.  His first words...  'what's up!"  Ha! I love that little guy.   Some day he's going to love me too. I'll be the cool aunt that lets him get away with stuff. ;)
H and Amy visited us at school tonight, we had fun talking about WoW, City of Heroes, playing Puerto Rico, and just hanging out. It was lots of fun. Now I am off to watch some TV, read, or pass out I am not sure which I am going to choose yet.
well yesturday was freaken awesome cause it was pam's birthday party and her birthday is on monday so woot woot!! ... other then that there's nothing to say exceptnext post will be for tonya and that every body has to go to BULK AND BARN!! its the best ever i love it there!! im kerr (arabic word for very very) happy =)&lt;3
sooo we're finally putting back all the furniture into our living room after almost finishing remodeling it. which is really really good. so we might be able to eat at our dinner table tonight!! hooray.
I'm an uncle!  Yay!  Morgan Alexander Still was born today in England.  There was much rejoicing...  c.
Jordan Zevon's sent  archive.org   the Zevon estate's new tapers policy .  GodDAMN, but that's some fine, fine news.   (Now if we could just get a CD release of "Stand in the Fire"...)
I've been selected for a follow up interview with the JET program!  HUZZAH!!!  Have to go down to Miami at the end of February and hang out at the Japanese consulate.  Can't wait! Have to go call my Mom now. ~ K
so after being sick for 6 days straight i decited to take tomorrow off just because im lazy and dont feel like going. im so happy to feel better again its such a relief. On the other side of this im glad to go back to school.. hehe
The Sun      What Major Arcana Tarot Card are you? (with anime pics)     brought to you by  Quizilla    Except for the physical activity bit, I think it's OK. :)  (And I'm using Kero because of the Sun, not because I'm being mean or anything *glares at Author because she talks way too much*)
Nicked from both Author and       drachenaugen   :    Elvish      To which race of Middle Earth do you belong?     brought to you by  Quizilla    And I swear I didn't cheat! I was expecting to get "Hobbit", in fact... ^_^
Tonight, I ate a lamb dish cooked by my friend Muhammetnur who is from Turkmenistan.&nbsp; It was really good.&nbsp; After that, my friends asked me and sumi about japanese girls' perspectives about love.&nbsp; It was hard to tell, coz it depends on the person.&nbsp; However, they were interested in that.&nbsp;
Yosha!  Didn't have morning sickness today! So happy!  Got my first peice of maternity wear from Fiona on Monday.  It's a tee that sez, "I went on vacation with my husband and all I got was this", with an arrow pointing down where my belly will be in a bit.
So I have decided that Live Journals are really fucking stupid.  So I am probably not going to do this anymore.  Goodbye.
So for some reason I have been happier than normal.  I am not complaining, not at all, but it's just strange.  I think because after working out for so long I am finally seeing the results that I want, and now there is a sparring club on campus where I can further expand my knowledge in martial arts and self defense.  Plus I help teach to college people, which is fun also.  I hope this continues.
I know my last entry was harsh, or whatever.  But I have worked through it and I am fine again, and this will never happen again.  I have came to the realization that I can't change peoples minds, because people are going to do what they think is right, and hey it may be, only time will tell.  So to all who read this, maybe 2 or 3 people, just wanted you to know that I am fine now.
Yay!  Here's the picture I drew of Brad x Schu, Aiko!   Enjoy!     http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y43/Ma sa_mama/bradxschu.jpg   It was dedicated to Daiyaonna, who is immersed in Brad x Schu. ^____^
Hello      My goal of this community is to find other WWE or wrestling fans in general that live in Austin, Texas.  I have lived here for 2 years and have no one to watch wrestling with or just hang out.  I'd just like to find other people here to talk about wrestling with.  So if you are interested please join my community.    thank you   Rob
"Hey there. The next time you are in Seattle during the week, if I have the day off, I want to take you to Saigon Deli so we can have vietiamese sandwiches."   So cute.
I just wanted to announce that my beautiful girlfriend just got accepted to the University of Florida.  She'll be starting in the fall in the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS). I just wanted everyone to know.
You are a Dubliner.      What's your Inner European?     brought to you by  Quizilla    Yay I'm Irish! And on top of that I get to have Easter off from work after all!   **Dances a jig**
i love tuesdays. i love hams. i love mixes with diego on the front (minus the facial hair). now I don't know that much about you, but I like you because you’re true blue.
what do i dooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooo?  fuuuuuuuuuck.  *~*katiiie*~*
Finally some information about the newest Sly Cooper game! Sly 3! And guess what! Neyla's love is in it too! And even as playable! I hope Neyla come back too! I can't wait for see more! Anyway that was my news, nothing else! X3
Ok, just so everyone knows, the fight I had with Matlina is at the bottom of things that I care about.
Since I am too lazy to update about my trip (the 5th and 6th day), I'm just going to tell u guys that... I'VE GOT A NEW CAMERA! Finally! This is how it looks like:
Just read the subject... It's my BBF's birthday! I gave her a heart shaped pillow (just like my apple one...) saying "I love you"lol It's been few months since I last saw her. ^^;; Great to have her back in KL for few days ^^
Just read the subject... It's Chris' Birthday!! He's 17 now... oldest now within our group ^^ Heh heh lol Anywayz...
What do you think the chances of this film actually making it into production are?   http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0443431/    why????  Saw Chicks Dig Scars last night, it was.... entertaining  Argh need to sort out where i'm living next year!!! I have a couple of ideas but still keeping my options open... any of you guys and gals looking for anyone?  : )
Happy James has Bongo fun : )  In other, far more depressing news, my Garu keyring has broken in my pocket! I sure will miss the little Ninja : (
the governor's school dance was the happiest i've been in a long time. i wasn't sure if i'd have any fun, but i did. i really don't know how to describe it, it was just such a wonderful time.
THANKS TO ALL OF YOU GUYS WHO CAME OUT!!! seoirusly, it may not have been much, but i really appreciate you guys coming out and just having dinenr and the presents.. i wasnt expecting presents, i just wanted you guys to show up and you did.. thanks.. luv you all and have a great summer!!  thanks mark for letting us use your house afterwards.. :)
Now I have six levels! Isn't that FANTASTIC? tigger2002guy has nine, Blanche (bubbles2003_neo) has four, and BeatofSaint01 has just three!! Haha!  Oh yeah, mum got into the Neopian Times again. She makes Illusen look bad (sorry!), but Jhudora look worse. And it's told by a Faerie Nimmo with the name of Jhuisa. Give ya a clue?
While waiting oh-so- im patiently for Lisa, and/or my parents to come home bearing gifts, I went out for a walk with my sister. That was nice. &lt;3  Seriously, my little sis is cool. (:
What Jelly Belly flavor are you?  I'm -              Find your flavor here!     *I* kind of like it, not sure how true it is. I mean the school stuff, but I only *want* to do crazy things. I don't do them, very often...
Today was pretty sweet.I had no hw cuase I got a free period in health cause i already finished my project.I also made captian for wrestling.Everyone voted for me.So thats pretty sweet.Tommorrow Imight not go to school because I have to go to my step dads grandfathers funeral and i have to go to the wake in a little bit.
HEY ALL....Im so happy, I am finally 18 tomorrow!!!! I wont be online tomorrow so I wanted to make the announcement!
You Have Perky Boobs!  As they say, "More than a handful is a waste"  You're perfect for the guy with refined taste  The next time you're teased by some big boobed hag...  Just remember that your boobs don't sag!       What's Good About Your Boobs?       More Great Quizzes from Quiz Diva
_semage    got me to join  MySpace.com . I am pretty certain there are people on my friends list who are members and I've just been unlucky enough to come across you.  I don't have much yet. A few interests filled out, no pictures but those shall be up today hopefully.  Anyway, here's  mine . Friend me!  &lt; /begging&gt;
HARRY POTTER       Which Harry Potter Boy Are You Made For?     brought to you by  Quizilla     YAY!-thanks christie ;)-
When I run outta candy, or I want some more music, or anything else, I can always rely on...    WALMART   ...Most of the time. I'm really mad that they have a crappy selection of Iron Maiden, and only one Judas Priest CD. Wtf man. But they have like 50 million Megadeth and Metallica so I'm cool with it.  That is all.
Twizzlers for breakfeast.  Yum.   EDIT  Twizzler's AND Root Beer Dum-Dums.  Yes, my mom bought a huge bag of Dum-Dums, thus, it has became the staple of my diet.
Wheeeeeeee I'm so excited today is our Two Year Anniversary!!!  Can you believe it's already been two years?  Two wonderfully perfect years!!!  I am so happy and just wanted everyone to know :-)
good things of today:  1. got my car back 2. only had to pay $200 of my $500 deductable 3. opened my 'euro-fund' savings account
well today was awesome.  i got so much stuff done i am completely caught up.  i am so going to ace the test tomorrow and yeah.  life is great.  Marie just showed me the coolest thing.  a 6 foot inflatable tree. i think i will get it if i can talk dave into it.  it would be so awesome. Thanks marie.  well it was actually warm today.  it was great.
Guess what?! The ever fantabulous       tragicflawcom    (Hayley) bought me a paid account! Now I'm one of the "cool" kids ;) I get more user pics, which I so need lol because I'm an icon WHORE and I get to have a custom header, AND mood theme!  THANK YOU HAYLEY!!! &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3  PS: I won something again!
So..Today is a good day.&nbsp; I don't know why really...It's just a nice warm day outside and everyone is in a good mood. Well, except for the fact that I have my microeconomics test in an hour, but oh well.&nbsp;
Aww yay. 2 failed sadies attemps + one heartbreak later = getting set up on a blind date for Sadies.  i'm happy, and i've heard he's hot. so that's a major plus.
awesome short:  http://www.geocities.jp/iyasakado/usiga el.htm    funny vid, reallly nice effects:  http://media2.mk12.com/v5_qt_html/2 002/ultralove.html
Sweet Lord, someone please buy me this:     "This is a life-like 5.5" tall black monkey posed golfing."   I'm serious. I must own it.
I just heard J.Lo's new song, "Hold You Down" feat. Fat Joe on the radio for the first time.&nbsp; It's so great.&nbsp; And it's a 'friends' song which i love the most.&nbsp; I smell #1 hit very soon! (:
Today, attention span = zero.  Seriously, I got nothin'.  I'm in a ridiculously good mood, though.  The power of cold/flu/plague medication?  Perfect alignment of the planets?  Whatever the reason, I'm enjoying it completely.  Life is good.
My brother gave me a great wake up call this morning by putting Lucky on top of me in bed.  I'm so happy he's home!
I played with the answers a bunch of time and when I got this I couldn't stop laughing.  Lookie here Krista! *SurveyDeleted*
YEAH!! Just got back from the vet, really nice guy, took us in right away this morning. Gus just has a resperatory/inner ear infection. He will live!!! He is on antibiotics and they all got shots for mites they also have. Prognosis is excellent!   Happy dance for Gus!! Thanks for the happy thoughts!
It´s raining again. And I don´t mind it one bit! I´ve missed the rain so.. :)  Monday at work is almost over and done with and I´ll be heading for the store on my bike soon enough. Need to pick up some chicken, some bread, some milk.. I´m going to make stew tonight. Yummy yummy! :)  Tonight I also continue my quest to watch all episodes of the  Gilmore Girls . Simply because they rule.
a few changes and things couldnt be better........except......i totally got jewed at work......fuckers
Ive been trying to find this site for-eva. Dont you know it took going into '02 of my journal. Typical...well hell, i found it. *SOOOO HAPPY*  http://flem.keenspace.com/d/19990418.ht ml
by       f_eye   !! Ooh this is so exciting..here I get to rant about  everything  without letting any bapoks see except for that nosy girl up dere..yeah buggerdumakz.  I miss clara...dunno if she still feels for me dat way...givs me tingles whenever i think of her...nort like dat faye, such a rough chick...you know she likes to pinch me cuz she likes it? buggerdumakz.
so the shout out to the happy birthday wishers was meant to be a thank you to them, not a guilt trip to others.  i appreciate phone calls and nice messages but they are not required to be my friend.  so you guys with the belated birthday wishes rock too. : )
43F and drizzly is so much better than white shit falling out of the sky and packing on the road.  Even if I didn't feel like putting any rain gear on before riding in to work today.  It was nice.
I giggled when I realized I hadn't even looked at the temperature, only lack of percipitation.        nchanter    said "You're going to ride to work in 25F?" in a surprised tone, I said "Apparently."  I didn't even plug my electrics in.  I was overheating with my jacket vented the whole way.  Motorcycles are so much better for the soul than subways.
Damien Rice zooms up my  Wrong Side of the Bed  Artists, up there with Nick Drake, Coldplay, Jeff Buckley and Chris Cornell. Thanks Shiela for pointing out Cold Water and The Blower's Daughter :)
wow! after 13 days of not working, i finally got to work today!(after sakura called me at 6:45 to tell me to go to work at 8..i wish she would've called to let me know last night like she's supposed to!) anyhow, i got into a fight with a blue paint marker at work today..it won. now i'm blue. bah!
This year's haul seems to be one of the best ever... maybe a recovering economy CAN still benefit people who do not draw a salary...   -=-=-  Who wants to play mahjong? I'm on a roll~~~ :D   -=-=-  Desktop still down, and I still have labs to churn out. A dead printer isn't helping things... Not to mention 8.5 dvds to watch...
Well, the day isn't here yet, but I've already got the present. Thanx a lot, all you peeps. It makes me feel like I'm 10 again. =)  And prices are not only found on receipts, they are more likely to be found on un-removed price tags. (!?!)   -=-=-  Time to detox. Vegan for a day, anyone?
The archery T-shirts are in!   ^___________________^  They're here, and they're totally beautiful. &lt;3  ...Of course, maybe I shouldn't say that, 'cause I designed them. O_o  Eeeeeeh, what the heck. Everyone else says it too. XD
Tonight I went to Baby A's for dinner with my dad, sister and me boy.  During a mediocre meal, I found an aluminum rivit IN MY FOOD.  So.  We got a big discount and I got free dessert.  Along with that is absolutely NO urge to ever go back there again.
Monday, April 5th @ Mercury Lounge....EAGLES OF DEATH METAL    Don't know who Eagles of Death Metal are?   Now you do.
I just found out I'm an endangered species! Apparently there's mot many of us Cuscus around, and we only live in the very northernmost tip of Queensland in Australia and in parts of New Guinea. Apparently those large pink creatures that walk about on their hind legs hunt us for our fluffy pelts, which is damned beastly of them.  Well, that's put a crimp on my day.
my mom anticipated my wish for my first paycheck.  i got plaid chuck taylors in my easter basket.  now i'll probably go out and get the purple silk ones or shorten my amazon.com wishlist.  i really want to blow my first week's wages and then spend the rest of my money responsibly.
Woke up this morning stressed already, but a little gift in my e-mail from Kiard FG made everything better - SHARE!
"You just reach into the mouth there and rip the head open, see, and there are the brains! Right there in front of you!"  This job is going to be so  awesome .
Hi      Hung out w/ Robert yesterday. Exchanged gifts.  Going out to dinner tomorrow with him and Steven...   I'll be regining choas on ZotRO today.
You know what the good thing is about turning 18 on a wednesday?  I turn 21 on a saturday.   Woot woot, party in 2007 bitches!
There are crocuses and daffodils coming up in our front yard!  :)  YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Since       thastygliax    already let the cat out of the bag....  I'm going to have another baby.  Probably late June.  :)  This is one of the many reasons I'm not doing Yeoman this year, as much as I would like to.
April Fools!!!  I played a joke on Kris a while ago. She didn't dig it. XD  *RELIGIOUS MODE ON*  Anyway, today is quite good, but I wish God would save the Pope for even if another year, because the world needs him. But if it is time, then we surrender to God's will...  *RELIGIOUS MODE OFF*  Waaahh!!! Please don't be angry at me, Kris. I'll never do it again &gt;__&lt; XD
Just happy, even though I know I failed the entire Psychology exam. Oh, well, there's always next exam. ^___^  Gotta sleep... XD
You all know how much I love cars.  And how much I hate crappy rice jobs on cars.  I use that to preface the fact that I found the coolest website ever:   http://www.ricecop.com/  Similarly, I quite enjoyed  http://www.beaterz.com/ .  On a totally unrelated note, Ashley comes home tomorrow!!  HOORAY!!
Nothin like spending some good quality time with the guys from the floor in our lounge.  Well, tonight definitly provided some very good laughs.  Well, i should get some sleep and study some more for my physucks quiz tomorrow.  talk to you all later.
alone time with tim = excellent.  we watched the dunk competition, ate a bunch of pizza, did some other stuff, watched 8 mile (kind of), watched cartoons (kind of), more 'other stuff', and ate some more pizza.  it was so much fun.  he makes me really really happy
So, it's no secret that I have an addiction to sleep,  the Facebook ( facebook me! ), Huston Street, and designer handbags... However, is this not the most beautiful thing you've ever seen???     Now, if anyone would like to be a real peach and get that for me, then here is your  chance . Thanks pet.
Hunter Cross is a beautiful, beautiful specimen. If you haven't already seen the  video  on AF, then you must go, right this very moment.  Further proof  that is gorgeous - check out the Club WAU and watch the video... very hot.   Well, it is now 4:29 pm, I should get out of bed.
Oh N-Y-C  I give you fair warning Up there In lights  I'll be   Well maybe not...  but I got my ticket and I'm heading up to the Bigggggggggg Apple.
The Goddess of Fire and Happiness. You are a ball of energy. Always compassionate and full of life, you can make anyone feel happy and you are exceptionally uplifting. You are an individual beauty.        Which gorgeous goddess are you? For girls! (breath taking pics!)      brought to you by  Quizilla
Three cheers for MovableType!  My new journal is up until sometime later tonight at  http://68.0.179.5:81/~jesse/blog/ .  It has RSS syndication and all... but don't bother using it because it's going to be moving soon. I'll let you know the address and, hopefully, stop using LJ soon; but until then you can at least see what I'm moving towards.  Yay.
Last night got board and some of you may have notice me being a bit blonde, so I have redied my hair.  Now lets all picture me with pigtails, falling off my sholders. Once I added enough purple, I placed each in a plastic bag and fixed it in place.  Then forgot about it till morning.  Sorry about crosspost, I will play with peoples mental images of me ;)
I am once again without wires. A big shout goes out to my mother, who happened to have some industrial strength glue handy. So she was able to glue the broken off part of the antenna back to the AP. And frankly, I think it's now more stable then before. And now it's sitting somewhere, where there are  no  cables dankgling around I could trip over...
Holy shit, I booked my flight to Vancouver today.   I'ma finally get to see the west coast.   Too bad I'm not leaving 'till Febuary, though.=(
You are Nick! You love art and just being creative.      Which  Duran Duran member are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla     whoop!! i am nick *dances*
yippie!! finally got my journal looking how I want it, now i can sit and drool at arcadia nick without there being a white diary entry in the way &gt;:( grr that was annoying!
When was the last time you popped "Rhythm of the Pridelands" into your car's CD player and listened to it at a good loud level to drown out a lot of the noise around you?  It's been ages, listened to it on the way home today and it washed away the days stress.  Do it, you will feel a lot better when you get home
After carefully looking over the 50+ photos I took of Cristy yesterday this is todays photo, my favorite one of the bunch.
Just  look  at that kitten face ;) She was sitting on my desk looking incredibly cute the whole day yesterday, but this was the best shot :)     All together now... awwwww :)
It's that time of year again:  holiday card sending!  If you'd like a card from me (and, I guess, John), comment here, and make sure I have your address.  If I sent you one last year, chances are you'll get one again.
I had some old scanned pictures on my computer, so I decided to share them with LJ.     Enjoy!   I love all of these pictures.
Does anyone know a witness in Paris?  I'm trying to go next month. I have free lodging with the sister of a coworker. She's in her fifties, not some weird wild worldly person. FREE lodging in Paris.   Anyone have recommendations for cheapest airfare? Flights seem to be $700 - $775 although I did find on in the $600s.  I have to go in May because said free lodging is moving back to states in June.
What a fantastic time! The first three bands (Superjoint Ritual, Dimmu Borgir, and Slayer) were average, basically playing gruff vocals over speed metal chords. Dimmu Borgir did feature keyboards, and a bit more melody, but Slayer did have an occasional catchy tune. My friends showed up just before Slayer came on stage.
2 weeks ago, I had my 6mos after surgery mammogram. Last Tues I had some blood tests. Thursday I saw the surgeon who removed the pre-cancerous tissue from my breast and Monday I saw the oncologist who is following my case.&nbsp; Mammogram - normal. Blood tests - normal. Neither doctor found any problems.   No signs that any cancer or precancerous conditions have returned!   Hurray!
Mommy found this picture of Daddy from when he graduated from high school.  Wasn't he  so  cute?  No wonder Mommy fell in love with him!
Take the quiz:  "how well do you know eminem?"    I sware you cud b eminem, r u?  Fcuk you...good job you know evrything about Marshall Mathers your one of his boggest fans just like i am. If i didn't know any better i would say that you are the real Slim Shady.
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    indiana jones are love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator        I did this thing, and it nailed it on the f***in' head!! "Hiya Indy!"
yea Hiii I'm alive and I'm smitten. =) I will be updating again cos now I have good stuff to write about.
Jamie,  You make me wanna LALA...in the kitchen, on the floor..I'll be your french maid, where Ill meet you at the door...Im like an alley cat, drink the milk up I WANT MORE...  you make me wanna scream heh &lt;3  such a great song!!
So, as of today I am not a teenager anymore. How weeeiirrrdd. And I officially passed this semester with a 3.3, which I am more than suprised about. And Christmas is tomorrow, and I'm thankful for the friends who called and/or gave me cards & presents for my birthday, even though everyone thinks Christmas Eve birthdays suck.   Smile bitches, it's my birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yay! I have finally settled on a location for my book.  I needed a remote, yet still habitable area of the country for my setting, and I have settled on Loving county in Texas.  I was //this// close to going for a area in Montana, but I decided I'd rather deal with the heat than with the cold. My town will be made up but I wanted a location that was real.   Whew.
Josh is so sweet.  On friday he took me to Jake's (in downtown Portland) and we ate great food and had great company.  Then yesterday, he came and picked me up and gave me a beautiful bunch of flowers, and pretty ballons.  Then we went to his house and watched Fiddler on The Roof.  He is soo cute.  He makes me smile.
I forgot to say,  despite my whinin' and bitchin'  I go to bed at night feeling happy, always laugh when i'm with my friends, and that nicole has some groovy music to chill to.   Just stop reminding me, okay?        Yeah.
Starting today I have a five day weekend. No school until Wednesday. WOO HOO! Party Time! Anyhow, everything is alright. I can't wait to see the Matrix Revolutions. According to my brother,  it is a really good movie. Can't wait. I have to pay for my classes at dade tomorrow. There is nothing really to say except no classes until Wednesday. Woo hoo!    Ciao for now.
ok so tired so here it si in format:  hours of sleep over 3 days:7  overview: overtired cried twice, bleh bleh didn't place talent show. got a superior in sr with all girls and ex. with per.3. got straight excellence's across the board   i'm getting kicked off so i'll esplain later 'Lucy!
Back from Redemption.  Have picked up parcel (oooh, new lens for TLR (well, old lens, but new to me)), done enough shopping to get us through to Saturday, and now settling down to horrendous skip levels on friends page.  Oh well :-) Detailed con report later ... it was very good, though,       rwrylsin    and I had lots of fun.
Well, suite47 is back up again! woohoo! sorry to my hostees for the fuckup, but all files are still intact, everything is running and its all good. Kay, I'm very very happy. All I have to do now is buy my new one.. hrm... haha, i'm domain-obsessed.  I need some more mp3s so I can make more mixcds! Any bands that I dont listen to that I really really should? hrm.. i need ideas here.
a list of things i want for xmas 1. guitar 2. money 3. subwoofr for car 4. amp for car 5. money for repairs to my car 6. games 7. clothes...but id prefer money so i can buy them myself...ive ..um grown 8. and love :D  that all..lmao..i dont care if u give me this or a card...its the thought that counts in my book...if u guys want anything from me...leave a comment kks Buh Byes
Less than 40 days and I no longer can surf the web and work at the same time.....unless I get really lucky. They have started a massive purge and I lost one of my best co-worker frieds to the axe. I guess their thinking is that they can fight unemployment if they fire you, not if they lay you off.
The older I have gotten, the more I realize never to turn down a chance to eat a meal with my  parents .
I had the best day I have had in ages. Today was a turning point for me. No more bad feelings and thought. I'm in total control because I have let go. I'm going to make myself a martial artist, I'm going to get taller, and be one successful son of a bitch. Just wait and see.
Ok, so my Communications class has about 700 people!  OH MY GOSH!!!!!!  But the prof is cool.  I have cool friends in my geography class and Mel is in there too, YEAH.  And my Math class is absolutely boring!  But other than that I'm excited about eating lunch with Mindi today!  YEAH!
Done with everything. ^.^  I even got a chance to fix my deck and duel once.  Oh yeah...I have a half day tomorrow. Yayness! ^.^  Now, if only my speakers would friggen work!  *stabs them with a random fork, because she has no sporks*
Desiree and I made a decision to leave school early today - we had only taught 2 classes, were finished by 11.30 so were INCREDIBLY bored by 3pm. I'm so glad we did... knock on my door at 4.05pm, received a dvd from home so I'm now off to watch Amazing Race, Desperate Housewives and Survivor. Think I might even break my 'no chocolate during the week' rule and make this night even better!
Its been a great birthday.  Lunch and champagne with Mom.  Dinner, drinks and dessert with Heather, Chrissy and Erin.  Fun presents.  Thank you all who called, IM'd, sent cards, etc.  Can't wait to see those who are coming up this weekend and those who I'll see next weekend.  Everyone else:  I miss you!  Thanksgiving break?  Partaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!
It was OK, but we didn't get any snow :( I'm currently waiting impatiently for the new year to begin, for the fireworks and stuff. It's also the only time of the year I drink champagne, which I think is extremely gross. But that might just be that bottle of champagne's fault.  Other news, I have a digital camera now. Sweetness :)
" I know we've been together for a while now, and I can see you will only be the only person in my life now, thinking about the good and the bad times, painting pretty pictures in my mind, made me cry through the sad times" - No Love -
OMG!  Buster was on Dawson's Creek this morning!  He played a very serious doctor.  I kept waiting for him to say, "Heeeey coworker!"  ETA:  New Arrested Development Mood Theme!  XD
look at little mitchell on his first day of school....he is sooooo cute!!     i feel like a proud perant!! (but im his uncle incase you were wondering)
For the first time in what seems like  months  I have a rare conjunction of events.  This weekend I am not on-call, nor up at my Mum's, nor do I have anything planned.  Woo hoo!  I feel a  bit of retail therapy coming on, but apart from that I just want to have F-U-N!!!  Fancy coming out to play,       jedinic   ?
Yard is clean.&nbsp; I seriously filled like half a Meijer bag with dog poo.&nbsp; But no more land mines!&nbsp;
GIP!   Thanks to the wonderful  smartlikejustin .  I can't wait till Feb. 9th!  And yay! Justin's Birthday! As always,  Candy  did a wonderful job of celebrating by expressing it so much better than I ever could, so go check out  It's the Way, Happy 24th Birthday Justin!
Iam happy , happy  guess sooo happy today (specially now),  donno why.     Iam just happy , laughing silently /smiling my self(even my mom is     wondered ) ,want to shout,do nice kool things , donno why.     so again ( shouting not soo loud),    Iam just HAPPY
well today was my special day..... iam HAPPY happy & happy thats all                    why??      bcz its my FIRST WEEKEND .........  o my god i cant believe that iam in industry ( though its intern)   so enjoyed & nothing but enjoyed this day...
Wishing #1 Son a very happy #30th!  It's all gravy now, you've got those pesky 20's out of the way.  Love You!
I haven't posted in a lonnnnnng time.  But what better occasion than this: CONGRATULATIONS STEPH!!!!           I'm very, very proud of you.  Now...exhale :-)  edit:  My Bad!  I mean: CONGRATULATIONS DR. STEPH!!!!
"If you love someone let them go. If they come back they were always yours, if they don't they never were."&nbsp;
to whom it concernse... Her name is Kacie, she's fucking perfect, and I think I love her.  The line to slap me back into reality starts at the side entrence to the house, and follows down the street around the corner.  Close family friends first. yeah!
so guess what I am doing all weekend- or at least most of it... yep, working :) Oh well it is money! and I need money for this summer so I can keep summer money for next year :-D  not much else going on- just realized I hadn't updated for a long time.
FCAT sucked. went to the docta's i have some throat infection thing, that could be mono than went to rickys house and hung out with him and kenneth they were boring me. came home. and now im bored again. i misss him and i want him back
I just love this song.  Greenday ROCKZ!  And yeah, played dota with Pao today and his peeps... there's one guy that's particularly good... hmm... if only i could get him into the clan...
Life is good man, life is good...  Why is it good? HAH!! Not telling anyone... YET... lolz...  Wanna know? Ask me then... :P  My MSN... Helix2grim@hotmail.com  Add me then we'll talk... :P
WHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAH!!!!!!!!! YES!!!!!! I just managed to finish my Econs ISU in 1 day while people have to struggling to finish it in like 1 month... my god... I AM the KING of PROCRASTINATORS!!!!  Everything's cool now... YEAH! No more stupid problems... haha... only stupid assignments... SHIT!!
just wanted to let you all knowt hat things are still going well with jamie, whom i now call lulu as her middle name is lou and it was just too weird calling her jamie.  later.
That's right I got special advance showing tickets foor tomorrow night. Yepper yep yep! I am awesomely cool. See you later.
Happy Easter All!!! I'm having a totally awesome Movie Marathon!! Wish you were here! BAck to the candy adios!
Yay! Got to see my best friend today. Went to Metro and took pics at star photos. The pics turned out great. Looks better then the pics I took at Artona. It's nice to have a relaxing day after I just got a load of stressed stacked on me yesterday. =( I always tend to forget about all my stress when i'm with Bonnie. Wish we can hang out more. If anyone wants a pic leave a MSG.
My Break: shopping bowling babysitting more shopping movies prom dress, shoes, jewelry, purse, BUT ALAS....NO DATE
WEEKEND AT LAST!!! This week seemed to take forever, and I'm so glad that it's over.  Well, I have a whole lot of nothing that I want to do, so I should get started.  GOOD LUCK TO ALL MY BAND BUDDIES!!!  You shall kick boo-tay!
I named my ship "The Dauntless" (since nothing else I wanted fit ;_;) and my army "Zangetsu" (after Ichigo's sword from Bleach!). I've been playing Suiko IV almost non-stop since I woke up this morning at 9:00....can anyone say "obsession?" ^^;;
Wai~! A nice new site design featuring BLEACH! XD XD &lt;3  School starts Monday and I am looking forward to it...sort of. ^^; I'm definately looking forward to hanging out with my friends more but I know I'm going to miss being able to take naps during the day. :P This is also going to be my last semester at GTech. ;_; Starting fall I hopefully will be attending USC Upstate in Spartanburg. :D
Happy New Year's Eve!! *throws confetti*  Lol, I had a good Christmas btw. A busy Christmas, but a good one. :P
yyyyaaaayyyy, poco a poco estoy viendo los cambios que me esta dando el gimnasio. Im prod of myself, jiji.
You are a Siamese!  You are fun-loving, playful, energetic, talkative, and exotic.  You are the center of attention and you love every minute of it.      What breed of cat are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
yyyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyy, is about time that I have my journal. Thyanks to my cousin and all my friends. Good, now everyone can know alittle bit of mmmmmmmmeeeeee, yyyyaaayyy. Well thanks, I love you all my friends thank you for everything. Oohh and if all of you need me ill be there yyyyaaayy.
Me and Dr. Smax (he's got his tickle gloves on)      My Momma (she's taste-testing a fishcicle for me)      My room-mate Larry      My Spaceship ( Fast!!! )      Evil Steves, the Amazing Edible Seatbelt
memes, beans, what's the difference?    I don't know!!!   Here's an ottterspace  meme /bean. Cut it and  put paste on it  and then do an otter dance in your Living Journal.           otterspace      memesareforbeans survey question #1 of 1:     1. How much to you like space?  Answer: A lot!!!!
Cupid has me in a chokehold...  Fall out boy was so fucking amazing.  I wish muffin could have seen them with me, he would have been beyond happy, and i like that.
i found an old picture of me and jake today, it made me smile, so i hung it up. i like that feeling.  ATTN: Anthony!! don't try to read into that, i was just stating a fact...besides....I LOVE YOU!  i am going to MT. Baker tomorrow, i'm stokted! Wahoo. well i out, peace bitches!
who wants to watch newsies tomorrow night!&gt;!? oh you know you do...   or at least some other movie, i really dont want to spend another friday night at home! hehe   after i got off the lexpress, i reunited with lauren bloomberg. shes not a bitch....hah.   i had a lot of energy today!  lets hope i have more tomorrow so that itll go faster!
in class..yay.. so people are retarded.. tryin to say im makin shit up.. yea thats it..maybe people should stop denyin shit.. its ok we all kno what happened just because you dont  have the balls to admit it..whatever then kidd.. my day has been swell so far yet again.. anyways im outta here.. &hearts;
keepin it gangsta..me and court are the kewlest gangstas ever..like no joke..we roll so skilled i luv it..anyways im stoked for our next rollin adventure..lol..bye everyone
Dammit all, I can't sleep. I have a class today. First class of the quarter, and I can't freaking aleep! AUGH.  'course, The class isn't what's keeping me awake. It's my swirling brain.  Kind of like tie-dye.
my mom said that my birthday wasn't three days long. she was terribly wrong.   thank you, friends, thank you!   & the aquarium? sooo on key with that one.
man i am so bored...the baby is sleepin and chris is playin madden 2004...i have nothing at all to do! maybe ill take a nap
The past few days... I really can't put into words.  Instead of just calling me, Luk showed up here. Yeah, surprised is an undestatement.  We talked and it's good; we're playing it by ear for now.
I made it  I am dazed and not allowed to sit for more than 15 mins at a time but I made it.    I have no pian in my leg ( first time in 9 months )  I am happy :) drugged but happy about this  I am going to be out of commision for a few weeks but then I should start getting back to normal.    I just wanted to thank all of you who wished me well.    I love you all    Mike
im over jordans todays been cool i got 3 fucking packs of smokes all to myself 60 FOR ME ha im having a really good day...me and jordan are about to head out to the mall just waiting for our ride....tomorrow will be one of the best days of my life...as long as things work out....    put the lime in the coke you nut and drink 'em both together...
life isnt so bad...  ...you guys keep talking shit its funny i think its very pathetic that you guys cant even tell you you talk shit about me....hell if i care if you do becuase bitch i talk shit about you oh this is such a loving world
I just had a Date sort of(more just hanging out), with one of the girls I work with. It was so awsome. If nothing else happens between us, I just hope that we keep hangin out cause she sooooo cool. Anyway, I just thought I would tell the world that I have found an awsome person that laughs at my jokes! Off to bed before school! :)
mon- i went to the movies and out to lunch w/ Jimmy. it was fun! people saying it was a date b/ it was just me and him but, i dunno? TELL ME WHAT IS CONSIDERED A DATE? but, if he doesnt call before the break ends im going to be pissed b/ its rude when u hang out (or date) w/ someone and not call u! especially when i like them so damn much!
De-stressing is important... I got to de-stress this past weekend with my Jean.  No details other than it was fantabulous.  And, that I'm looking forward to Spring Break.  Yay! =D    Jean, send me a brownie...would ya?  muah
Take the quiz:  "What celeb guy will you marry?(Only girls take this unless your gay!!)"     Chad Michael Murray  You got my love!! Chad Michael Murray.You will enoy Chad as a husband because he is so kind and sweet!
I just made an origami goldfish! ::pats self on back::  And immunology is going to be a fun, fun class to take. Not only is my teacher one heck of a guy, but afterwards he says we'll probably know more about the subject than our family doctors!  That will kick ass. Much ass.
I got my hair cut yesterday. I like it alot; it is a lot shorter than it used to be....even shorter than the first time I got it cut. Soon, hopefully, I should be re-dying my hair...and I'm equally excited for that...
Today has been so stressful. I quit my job a few hours ago. When I went to talk to my manager he had already left, so i decided to talk to the hot manager. He was so nice and understanding that when i left tears started running down my face. This sounds pretty lame. lol but it was so hard to do that. Now my weekends are work free and im gonna live it up. So excited about Christmas!
Today, I was tryin to figure out how to help pay for all the expenses of a faulty explorer when my phone rang. It was H.E.B. and they wanted to schedule an interview. Wow that was lucky. Hopefully...now I will have a good interview. haha Im soo nervous.
hey yall! WOW I am 17 now! No citations for that damn curfew..yeeah! Today was really fun, I got 7 balloons and got  sang to by men in sombraros. lol hope erebody can come on tom.
Hey ya'll! Count em'---&gt; SEVEN MORE DAYS OF SCHOOL! I am truly PUMPED!! Today was fun...did'nt go to school, so chilled at the casa. My birthday is on friday. It came soo fast. Havin a party at the beach on Sat. Hope to see erebody there!!
If there is someone on your friends list you would like to take, strip naked, tie them to a bed post, lick them until they scream, then fuck them until both of you are senseless and unable to fuck anymore, then wait about five minutes and do it all over again, then post this exact sentence in YOUR journal  Oh Yeah.....
Things are great. I havent had anytime to write because my cousins and my older sister are here, and their friend Kate. I've been having a blast. :-) Now Im off to the movies to see Hitch. Well Laterz. &lt;333 J.  p.s. I did really good at the Brantly game, who cares if we got killed, I intercepted the ball, and ran with it. TWICE. Yay for My family seeing it.
Hi,  Today, November 27th is my birthday and I just hit the age of 18. I'm pretty happy and my b-day gift was having my car fixed:)I'm so excited:)*munches some b-day cake.* he he gotta run, I gotta eat this cake before someone else does*sees a red air hose* Hmmmm, candy? *bites into it and finds air hose attacted to air tank* whoops!  later *huggles* jc
hey kids! the heater has bounced back, and im a billion times better now. whew. im glad im not sick anymore, i feel so good now. the weather is getting colder...you know what that means?  scarf weather!  i dug out my 2 favorites yesterday just so i was ready haha. oh man!  im going to go buy the hello goodbye cd today...wo0t  hmmm...i think thats all i have to say for now...
thanks for coming to see me everyone   this weekend was most excellent!!!!   good times, good times...   im going to come back soon   i &lt;3 you guys
So sorry so sorry! (asian eyes)  Tonight was amazing babe, more to be updated later, too much to tell...  -&lt;3 (my emo heart, cause I bleed emo tears, haha)
Everything's so busy 'round the house now. Momma and Daddy Mark are getting married soon, Santa is coming, Mom-Mom and Pop-Pop are always taking me shopping *beams* I like shopping. It fun! But I like being with Momma and seeing how happy she is. I like it when my Momma is happy!
Am Vilamans FREIND an 'elp 'im wik TELLYPORT! Tis impootant task an am so proud hee!    http://pics.livejournal.com/snowgrouse/p ic/0003gyax   [Wiggles bum] Wil wake Vilaman up wen e's had guud rest.
I want  this  skirt and  this  one too.  Buy them for me!  Size 0!  They're on sale!  If the links don't work go to ae.com, clearance, women, skirts, and they're the Western Hem one and military one.  Blah. ;D
Four more bus rides.. Four more subways.. Four more street cars..  92 more little boogers until March Break.  WOO HOO.    And now..off to fill out my March Madness bracket.  How come there's a 'dirty' mood, but not a clean one?  I just had a shower.
soo I'm really excited:) cuz me and Audra are gonna go to HOPE/FCA tonight and its gonna be fun lol. welllll we were bored so I thought Id update but I'll add more later tonight! peace
HELLO! Its me, Gary Allbright! Some of you dont know me but i loooooooove pokemon and i love me mam and me nan.  More updates later.     Ps. If ur a peadofile then go away!!!!!!11111 GARY DOESNT WANT YOU HERE!
driving my mom to the dr's tomorrow......  that should be exciting, i'll probably get coffee out of it though.  oh and campbell won tickets to motley crue in july, so i get to go to that! sweet!!!  america's next top model is on tonight, prepare for my predictions to follow. and i agree with rufus, luke and loralei need to get back together!   that is all
Yea...three weeks ago during anime club all the girls (including me:D) were talking about the hottest anime guys! Anyway one very good point was brought up in the conversation...  "You can't rape paper!"
Had the sickest time last nite..it was like several occasions crammed into one nite.. Man,don't think i can have another one of those until after the exams..can't wait..^_~   Last night i also found out that i'm a 'psycho bitch with a steak knife'...yes...    I'm off to play bejewelled nowz...  Yay.... Not thinking bout uni work/work till tomoz...
My human looked annoyed at the red bag that came with my new Gigantic DVD, but it makes a nice bed.  My silly human keeps getting in the way when I'm trying to watch the neat extras, but she's not home right now.
My human brought home new TMBG music for me.  It even came in a book, which I swear I’m going to sleep on as soon as she stops giggling at the pictures on the back and puts it down.
=^-^= Mommy will be here next Friday! isn't that coool!!!!! I get to see her...I um..guess she's okay. She better have gotten me a present! um..yeah...mommy..is ..maybe not...um..to bad...maybe!    Neko   PS.    MERRY CHRISTMAS I MEAN X_MAS LOOOOL =^-^=
Happy Birthday to me!  I'm sitting here, slowly eating my way through the various treats my family has sent me. My past offer of sharing still stands..  Got the usual presents..some clothes and books. I love birthdays!  Meg, Hannah, are you going to the Yule Ball? Maybe we could get ready together, if you are..
the last three weeks have been amazing and its is all because of her. there aren't enough words to describe us and believe me we tried we just ran out. she is all really think about now and when im not with her im thinking about when im going to see her next. im so happy right now.
some pics.   i took a lot because i'm not gonna look this hot for a loooong time. (prolly until my wedding).  pic 1. i think last night we became the type of couple that makes you want to throw up. (this pic is of me and my boyfriend bryce)     pic 2. my favorite pic of the evening. me and my friend brandon.    pic 3. elianna me and caroline - just so u can see my whole dress.
I just had an absolutely wonderful date.  with a guy with one of the best smiles i've seen in a long time.
i got my license today!!!! i can drive anyone for six weeks, then get caught in a retroactive thingy. joy. oh well. six weeks is six weeks. my conscience won't let me go against this. sigh. to have no little voice...
been to london for two days it were good. mmmmmmmm, pollution.  EVERYONE (sorry if uve been told a million times) POOL CLUB 8TH APRIL, MY BIRTHDAY THINGY!!!! COME, HAVE FUN, AND GET ME DRUNK!!!!!! you know you want to....  i have a feeling its gona end up just being me sitting on the pool club table going doodoobaaahh all alone. haha
i just wanted to say that i am sorry that i missed your birthday.  i hope it was nice.  things are going good around here.  my dad is mowing the lawn, benny is sleeping on the couch & mama is picking up her smooshed pumpkin.  i hope you are doing well.  love,   winston
i saw berrick at el windmill :D twas good!&nbsp; and ive been into london quite a few times this week, i bought the coooolest top in the world.&nbsp;  Alex came over and i managed to get a few pics of him in his top i got him for xmas lol, yes the one that i have also ;) lol classic!
it's so cute! the dress is black and white and fits really well...i got perfect shoes at payless...jillian firestone designed the stuff on my hat and my bag and she did a great job adding stuff to my dress...and...i have white gloves!!! that's so cool! yay!
thank you so much to all of you who have been supporting me...i don't know what i'd do without you...you are amazing people and i love to brag about all of you saying that i love my friends and that i have the best ones anyone could wish for...you complete me...hee! :)
so my last audition is on saturday!! thank god! only one more and it's the one that i really want to get into...if i get into webster i'm pretty sure i'll go there...tonight i'm doing a dorm stay with these twin guys who are both in the musical theater program but *gasp* they're straight! should be fun! :)
Well its Christmas, and all is good...   Trying to call you all, if not today hopefully tomorrow.  And I want to give a shout out to Jenny A...  She told me she would kill me if I didn't, so now I guess all is still well.  Love and miss you all.  More to come tomorrow.
Well only have 5 min. to be on-line.  Just wanted to tell everyone that I am back and doing well with my unit.  I hope to have more time later to reply to everyone and say thank you for your prayers.  I love you all.  Travis  PS:  No better birthday present then being back with my fellow Marines.
*jumping happily* My father's team won "the Tretyak Tournament"!!!!!! I'm so proud of my father and his guys!!!!!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ~When Steve and I first broke up, I wrote something in my actual journal that I think a lot of people can identify with.&nbsp; So, I'm going to share it with all of you....maybe you'll find it useful.~
I just recently got a new Dell 19" LCD monitor.  Nice :)          http://accessories.us.dell.com/sna/Prod uctDetail.aspx?sku=320-4087&c=us&l=en&cs=19&category_id=211&first=true&page=productlisting.aspx
So, we made it to london!   I am impressed with us.  Last night we watched cruel intentions with flemish subtitles at the hotel friedriksbourg in brussels.  and drank a bottle of vodka.  and two of orange juice.  and ate belgian chocolates.  AND SAW THE ROBERT SCHUMAN ROCK!!!!  EGKS BABY!!!!  peter pan statue and chinese, anyone?
Yeah, it's still daily for now...once things calm down a bit and it becomes more routine I'll cut back or stop with these, but for now I'd like to keep posting to remind me when it's not going so well that sometimes everything goes my way, and also so I remember my first steps into these games better than I remember some of the lower levels.
i'm so happy! scott peterson is finally convicted of murder in the first degree of laci and in the second degree of his unborn son conner. finally:)
Never before have I felt this way; I could lie there in your arms forever and a day. Lie there and watch as the world passes by; Reach into the McDonald's bag; give you the very last fry.  Never before have I felt this way; How do I phrase what I'm trying to say? The only regret, on a night like this Is that we didn't end it with our very first kiss.  (C)2004 Ziljim (established 12-15-04)
I found this on someone else's site, took it, and guess what Disney princess I am?! None other than The Little Mermaid! I think that's awesome since my aunt IS The Little Mermaid, and she's coming to my house in five minutes! Anyway, just thought I'd share!     You are Ariel from The Little Mermaid!      What Disney Princess are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
Yahoo! I got off grounding tomorrow!  ROCK ON!   Last week was boring, but I got a shitload done. Being grounded isn't too bad. Plus, I got to think a lot.  Life is good.   VERY good. :)
Good Easter today. My cousins dropped by unexpectedly and that was sweet to visit with 'em. I also rediscovered the joy of chocolate cake with cream cheese icing. Yum. Music teaching went great and I learned how fun it was to assign lots of written homework. Ha.
thanks girls for a fun night.and thanks becca for coming everyone loved you!!!!  i just wanted to say that i love all my friends, you guys seriously mean the world to me.
"Life is not a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming -- WOW--What a Ride!"
i like paul.  a lot.  he's nice.  and cute.  and goofy.  and catholic.  and latino.  and not the stereotypical frat boy.  yay :)
i'm going away to ride my horse for three days  have fun  you guys :-D    i'll be gone again next weekend to ride my horse too
Feeling totally happy. Going tonight to see "(Ice Age) Robots" - YIPPIDIE. Looking forward to going back to my drinking behaviour - another yippidie. Plus, I can't wait to go to see Reverend Horton Heat (another 10 days) and another YIPPIDIE-DOO.
I'll probably spend a lot of my forum future in Paradise.  Paradise Forever  is brand new and ready to greet new members and many new threads. The goal is active participation and open minded discussion. For the creative types, big sigs and avatars are allowed and for the horny types nudity is allowed and encouraged ;)
i just want to say, i've had the biggest, dorkiest grin on my face for the past few days, and i hope it stays that way...
Ein from Cowboy Bebop is your ideal pet! He's a intelligent Data Dog with many surprises! He even spoke once o.O;; Er, well Enjoy!      What's your anime pet?     brought to you by  Quizilla
A lot of things have happen since I decided to update every day, Monday through Friday around ten o'clock in the morning.  I will make them separate entries just for fun, but for all none of you reading as I update, here is a table of contents with what you should be expecting:  iBook Repairs Earthquakes Shelly's Jobs Taishoku Manzai Growlanser III  That may be it.  Stay tuned.
You know how, when your doctor phones you it's usually because they've discovered something unpleasant in your latest lab work and want to get to you  right fracking now ?
alright so today was fun lol just tryin to waste time before my sociology class which i definitely dont wanna go to but oh well.. and yea 1 week until im 18.. thank god i cant wait! PARTY TIMEEEEEEE lolol   and im still trying to decide between UCF and Rollins.. I think i am going to go with UCF but then again I keep changing my mind so who knows...
okay so i just realized that a.)i have no friends b.)no one ever comments in my journal so i think it might be time i stop writing in it c.)i have a math test tommorow d.)i didnt read for english....  alright so american idol countdown.. 26 MINTUES  days till im 18: 23
No, it's not a joke! But the  slackintosh project  is going on at full speed and those up there are the nationality of the three project members... guess who's the italian one ;)  More news will follow. Bye!
(21:50:07) ...: ye-ye! (21:50:21) bonzo: che è tipo lo yo-yo ma un pò meno reppo (21:50:52) ...: e si attorciglia meno. (21:51:04) bonzo: certo (21:51:10) bonzo: e sa meno di yo-gurt (21:51:38) ...: ed è meno egocentrico
I HAVEN'T UPDATE IN LIKE FOREVER! LATELY I HAVE BEEN SO HAPPY WITH EVERYTHING THATZ GOING ON IN MY LIFE.
i feel special....or. annoying...either way... apparently i comment alot? and... yeah. hooray?   oh oh, and it's actually snowing now... miss gallant...i guess we were both wrong, but you got what you wanted?
...which brings me to my next point... people often speak in the 1st person sg. ...there are those of the sort who speak in 1st pl.... every once in awhile.. you'll hear a 2nd sg. ... never have i heard anyone speak in the 3rd pl... i tried doing it a few times... but... people just don't seem to get it.... which is a shame... maybe i should try speaking in 2nd pl? that could get messy...
...i'm really beginning to worry about my mental health.... i'm spending waaaaaay to much time on the cdc's website...and that scares me. :-)
today was lovely..  went to alice's... played with alice, meggy, and lauren... great fun. i heart them. :-) oh....and....meggy....-----&gt; heh.
..i wanted to update. but. i don't really have anything to say. so consider this a reminder that i'm alive?
Oh man, this weather is awesome. it reminds me of halloween.  We should go to some haunted houses when the open up.
haven't updates in awhile but i wanted to share what a great summer i'm having. i love job and i love wst and i love my friends and i love my parents and i love my brother.  Thanks to everyone who's making this summer so wonderful.
sis-in-law had her baby this morning!!! now i have a nephew!  he's so cute and fat, just like his auntie lisa :):)  i'll update with more info and pics later, but it'll be friends only so make sure you are logged in.  YAY!
Tomorrow after work i'm heading up to Saginaw and i get to see Sarah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I cant wait!I&nbsp;only work till 2 so i'm heading up after that!
Howdy all... Just posting so you can see my icon and to wish you all the best for tomorrow. Goodluck.
One day my dear ronaman you will wake up and seise to be the loser you are but until then. BOO! you whore! Chrissymus was good I got $300 and just bought all the fun stuff I wanted.
as many of you may know, i played softball during high school.&nbsp; to me, softball/baseball is above all other sports.&nbsp; it's a strategic game.&nbsp; it's an awesome game.&nbsp; rusty feels the same way.&nbsp; (have you ever noticed that rusty has a baseball name.&nbsp; even his last name.)&nbsp;
I just got done with a lengthy rebuttal to a friend's post.  She threw down the gauntlet by using my name.  Let it not be said that when someone calls me out, I don't respond.  Faith,  consider yourself 0wn3d.   ;-)
bluekitsune    and I are just finishing up soft boiled eggs (c/o Sunshine Farm, Stuarts Draft) with double Applewood smoked bacon (c/o German Gourmet, Falls Church) with slices of fresh toasted Campagne (c/o Ambrosia Bakery, Nellysford).  Yum!  It will be even better when       akahabby    and       reabhecc    get here tonight.
play went up last nite (opening nite) it was SO amazing. everyone was so good. all our work was worth it. WOW. i cant wait to do it, again and again. HORAHHH
I have kept forgetting to post that I got a 95/100 on my first test in my East Asian Politics class, which I mentioned below.  I was surprised I got that high of a grade, which I am very happy with, just was not expecting it. :)
You know, I just realized something:  Life's pretty damn good right now.  Better than it's been in a very long time.  Nice.  It's been awhile since I've felt this content :)     Yikes...*hopes this entry doesn't jinx it*  0:)
Burn out the day... burn out the night can't see a reason to put up a fight I'm livin for givin the devil his due I'm burnin I'm burnin I'm burning for you
eventually i will update this thing again...but i am still not in the mood to do so. Soooo, if you want to hear about my life, you are just gonna have to talk to me because im just not in the writing mood.
What your Live Journal Username means by diamondbright      Username           What it means    You smell               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
*MASSIVE SQUEE*    I'M HOME!!!    *huggles* I missed you all SO much!!  Also, holy exploding ovaries, have there been a lot of Will Turner pictures or what? My little heart is going pitter-patter and, with the combination of themed attractions at Disney, I finally have some creativity.  *faints*
Got an e-mail back from Scott today. Believe me, it's been the brightest thing to happen all this rainy, overcast day.  [ETA: So I officially hate all you people who are going to be able to watch  Lost  next week! WAH! Why JJ? Why?]
Victor: Hey, got anymore taters? Gene: GARY! BRING OUT THE TATERS! Victor: What's up Gary? Gary: Hey guys Gene: What did you say? Gary: I said "Hey guys" ...What's your glitch Gene? Gene: You listen to me you fucked up little cigarette smoking piece of shit, I was in the Vietnam war  Gary: ...I know Gene: [rattles cabinets] oh yea... the naaaaam
Los tres primeros cachorros de lince ibérico nacieron el lunes 28 de marzo en cautividad en el Centro de Cría en Cautividad de El Acebuche, en el Parque Nacional de Doñana. Se trata de la primera vez en el mundo que se consigue criar linces ibéricos en cautiverio, fuera de su hábitat natural.    Más.. (de Andalucia 24 horas)      Galeria de fotos de Antena3
im sure everyone knows by now, but it snowed today.  i just thought it was so cool that i would post it in my journal.  to bad i had to work all day and didnt get to play in it.
aw everything is just going grrrrrrreat at the moment...im so hyper!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh hhhh eeee this is awsome.  Emily and i are just so good. yes we are. a;lskdjfsaldkj i have to shower and get glitter off me. but oh man. what a goood nights its been  eeeeeemily, this is gonna be awsome. eeeeeeeeeeee
Ohmigod.... I saw this icon a few days ago and I died.  I needed it.   There's another hilarious one I'm looking for that was FF7 but a parody of "Teen Girl Squad" from homestarrunner.com.   ....Need it.    That is all.
i love soap operas.  the characters have become my friends i have even had dreams where the characters were there. hmm. is this a problem?
and if you dont pray, just wish upon a star, or whatev...   chelsey (12:27:43 AM): ok, I'm applying for a job in DC chelsey (12:28:02 AM): a promotion and if I get it I'm taking Chiron and coming back chelsey (12:28:13 AM): my roomate put in notice chelsey (12:28:27 AM): so it might be a good time to leave anyway  !! *crosses fingers, toes, eyes, legs, arms, everything* !!
I'm back home.  Being home is probably one of the best things ever.  We went grocery shopping today and it was awesome.  So much good food to have.  My mom just told me that there's some rainbow sherbert in the freezer...   That's about all I have to say right now.  I'm going to go have some sherbert!
The Capillaries are playing tonight at Le Croc for an 80's cover-night/Tsunami Benefit.  I like it when fun things happen on a week night. I hope to see some of you there.
The Dresden Doll to Support Nine Inch Nails for U.S. Tour  it doesnt get better......no....no it doesnt.
I &lt;3 Karen's X Character File song (her's and Yuzuriha's.  I hadn't realized it, but I already had Subaru's...Seishirou's is very strange, though).  It's like, teh sex.  woot.
I have been slackin' yet again w/ my good ole' LJ!  I have just been swamped with stuff & work has been drama central lately.  Everything is all good though.  I just hope it is actually going to be nice this weekend so I can do something fun!!!  Well back to work for now, I will post a better update later.
oh i forgot! carla you did a fantastic job as me last night with the track jacket and all... and the redish hair. haha  i would say happy good friday but that doesnt make much sense so i guess just be in rememberance today of the sacrafice that God for us 2000 years ago. God truly is amazing :) its such a beautiful day outside. i think ill wear a skirt!  bye kids. i love you all
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BETHANY!!!!!!! HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY ALLISON!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU BOTHHHHHH!    p.s. RENT ON SATURDAY W/ BOOBIE!! EEEEEEEEEE!!!!  p.p.s. *Random Note* the death penalty is never okay. okay???
We returned from Great Falls late last night where we had seen a Perinatologist.  All is well! Jennifer is doing great and the baby (fetus) is very healthy and right on schedule. 12 weeks old, 5.5 cm long, and active.  In fact, on ultrasound we even got to see the heart beating and the mid line of the brain.
The Joss-Man   Who ISN'T squeeing about this right now?!?!?   ETA    Check this picture out.   I think the text is a little cheesy.   The best article I can find on it.
today was an outdoorsy day for me. started the day outside in gym, and ended it outside in spanish. i have quite the tan... actually i look like casper.
This past Saturday was my cousin's/God sisters Sweet 16....   Here are some pics from before the party...   Her mom rented a HUMMER LIMO.. it was off the hook!        Aimee and Her brother Jonathan    you can see more here:  http://photobucket.com/albums/v162/Emil y83g/Aimees%20Sweet%2016/?start=0
I feel lucky. According to a good majority of my friends, they're all doing well. Plus, things seem to be looking up for me as well.  So, I'm very, very happy. I'm glad that everyone is feeling good. ^_^  If there's anyone else I can help to make happy, give me a ring.
~a card from my uncle in Connecticut ~a present from my uncle and family in Maine(which I can't open until Christmas) ~A rose from Miss Jolley ~A balloon and bath stuff from Deana ~A card from the ladies on the preschool side ~A cake from Leah  Only 2 more days!!!!!!!!
yeah, so last night turned out being so awesome. at least i thought...i took jamie to the mountain after she got off and we hung out up there. i had lots of fun. :-D then today she left for california...hope ya have fun girl. ;-) i worked tonight from 3-8 and here i am! :-D welp, jumpin in the shower now...everyone have a great night!!! later!
todays been good so far, just got done eatin some lunch and im gonna jump in the shower and get ready for work...then stop by best buy before for a cd. :) anyways, just wanted to update..later!
so last night turned out a lot better than i thought it was gonna...went to curtis' cause he had people over and i got to hang out wtih jamie for awile. :-D then i had to get up at 730 this morning to drop my car off to get an alarm...then today i wrok from 11-4 and i think i have plans tonight, not sure whats going on though. im takin off...later!
I forgot how much fun ice skating was.  Your feet do end up hurting a lot, but in the end it's all worth it, especially when you go with friends.  I love the coldness and the ice!  They remind me of winter in Tennessee. I also find it highly amusing that after you're done with skating and step outside,the nice warm Florida weather welcomes you back. :-)  lol
so yeah im so happy. Well it has been done, im spoken for yes it true i now have a boyfriend. If u want to know everything call me or im me.
hey i have a car, a ford focus o4. Well i have no work on wednesday so we should do sonething. I talk to u guys later
Sis has finally had the baby.....a boy :) I'm an uncle again! Now mum's just got to get off the phone so I can get to the hospital!!
OK FREDDY GOES TO TEXAS IS BACK AND IN FULL EFFECT BITCHES JUST WAIT AND SEE THE MADNESS THAT HAPPENS 211 STYLE AND SHIT
I saw a little squirrel today, bounding through the snow. He hopped right up to me and didn't run away, and he had obviously been digging for something because he had a small dot of snow on his nose. It was the cutest thing. Sigh.
just the luck to get sick on a four day weekend eh? i got way better today though... went to work in the morning zander came over for a bit later n i've been doing research research research ugh this week is busy... gym tryouts, gym practices start, n i gotta go into work more again. wahoo. sleep doesn't really look good this week. at least its only four days right? latez.
While it was good to have Beechie back, losing, especially to the Bears, yeah not so good.  But we're still in the hunt, we just need to pick it up for the playoffs.  We'll bounce back I know we will. But know I must go.  I have a visitor and I love visitors, especially this one.  A lot.
friday  what a glorius day it is!  i found out that catherine is expecting.  she asked me to go lunch today and she told me.  catherine would have been such a great mother.  i can tell by the way she held nathan.  it's a good day.  i am happy.
my beloved monster and me we go everywhere together wearing a raincoat that has four sleeves gets us through all kinda of weather   happy happy happy valentine's day tomorrow.   he will always be the only thing that comes between me and the awful sting of a world that's so damn mean
Wife : Pujariji mujhe apne pati ki lambi umr ke liye kaun sa vrath rakhna chahiye?  Pujariji : Maun Vrath!!
Nish is going onsite. He will be travelling to Europe and U.S. in the next one month. He truely deserves this break I am sooo happy for him :) The more I think about it the more I feel good !
when is nathaniel coming?????          i found the link for this on some other chick's LJ and so i thought i should have one, too. it's also on my baby page at my web site.   and my brother thought he updated a lot...hehehehehe
Normally I'm not a big fan of re-makes of re-makes because it never seems to fail that the more times something is re-done, the farther away from the original conception it becomes.    After seeing the trailer for this though, I'll probably have to go see this one.   http://phantomthemovie.warnerbros.com/
hi. tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow...  I'm not even referring to the show. I get to see john tomorrow :) much more exciting than the show.  I'm really happy.  okay I'm done.  oh and I have mono in case you didn't know.  MONO.  k. love.
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    singing is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
Happy late Valentines day...  I wrote a song yesterday... It's called "Guaifeneson" It is co-written by my dear friend David...  Hoping everyone had a great Valentines day.... Thanks Katie for the candy.....:):):) umm... other than that.... See you all soon...  Love peace and chicken grease  ~C
Happy.  Just Happy.  Really Happy.  Thanks to everyone.    Love you all...   (P.S.  Guitar nights... and singing like Adam Sandler and Mr. Towely!)
I am doing verrrrrrrrry well   :)    p.s.- im not sure i wanna continue with this livejournal, it's kinda annoying and frustrating at times... ill let you know in my next update if  i am going to delete it or not... ooooh the suspense is killing...isnt it?
Random Comic Generator v2.0 by   Delya        Nickname           Paper or plastic?      Paper Plastic neither none bubble wrap       panel 1           panel 2           panel 3                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !
I promise... the next time I update... I will make it a long one!  BUT... this is a shout out to my dad!  He rocks!  Hi dad!  Love ya!  ~Val~
I'll update about more details when I have more time... but...  I'M NOT SINGLE ANYMORE!  As of 11:30pm last night, I am taken.  Max is the man who has stolen me from all of you in singletown.  ~.^  Now I must go and get ready for my outing with my family!  Toodles!  ~*~*Vallie Kay*~*~
http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 251/PyraneX/Picture010.jpg  EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE, the eyes of buddha it would take to long to explain it but i love it so &lt;3 im in such a good mood my mommy got a hummingbird she really likes wolf haha and stavie got a horizontal eyebrow piercing it looks damn good.
hey guys-  detention was amusing. Caitlin and I drew pictures for each other and it was fun.. of course she's like an amazing artist so my picture was def. not as good as  hers but w/e- it passed the time.  not much to say... oh yeah-  Choral concert- Thursday, Feb. 24 @ 7pm be there or be square little idiots  love youuu  -Katie k
So the show for the 5th graders went well. Now we have do do it in front of an actual adult audience that will get the jokes like " Thats not my leg!"
What weird misc. thing are you?      Wallama   You're a little backwards and a little annoying, but deep down, we all love you.           Click Here to Take This Quiz     Brought to you by   YouThink.com   quizzes and personality tests.      coincidence? I think not...  I am the llamanator
ckr    made *me* a vid!  WOO HOO  And it's awesome!!  Go!  Get it!  Give her feedback!   http://vids.ravenshadow.net
What will your last words be?  by   cum_on_bitch        Your LJ username           Your real name           Your sex           Your age           Your last words will be...    "LOVE IS ALL YOU NEED"                Quiz created with MemeGen  !
Its been proven that the  average  person will only have *3* ture friends in their  lifetime . Well I'm blessed! I am only 16, and  TODAY , I have  5  of the best friends a girl could ever ask for. &nbsp; Some people only dream of having frends as ture as you!
so yeah i decided to be cool and make one of these. now im so ordinary!  its raining and it would be a perfect time for everyone to die, except for the few i love.  i really like the journal thing, it helps me get things off my chest!  i hate how people don't appreciate Brand New or The Smiths*  so make this a mix tape  I'm out, catch ya on the flip side fuckers
well, lil Azreale is home and now sleeping after a fun filled day of exploring, playing with Ghost and getting a few baths to remove some excess fleas.  hes absolutly adorable and no bigger than my foot.  and Ghost is being the big brother that he usually is, but i can tell he's kinda mad.  but i think hes mad that i wont let him eat the kitten chow.  =) - T =)
okay i am starving and need food so i will make this short and sweet:  have a safe, happy, relaxing weekend.  i don't know who all reads this, but i feel confident that you deserve such a thing.  :)
Now my loyalty will always be With you if you just promise me That you'll stay real just like you are Cause girl you don't have to change, no.  You don't know how much you mean to me Whenever you're down  You know you can lean on me Whatever the situation Girl, Imma hold you down.
when u are with a person, that if they are determined to do something they give u the drive to do what you need to get accomlished.
So today Nick tells me that he wants me to give the message in Jr. High sometime in the summer. And it all begins.....the promises begin to come true.........how dramatic.
I finished my geometry quizzes, I wrote the Sunday School lesson that was loosely based on A Tale of Two Cities for English class (Grr), so after Monday I'm on Spring Break. w00t
Woo!  I'm only going to be a teenager for about 22 hours and 22 minutes!  And no, I didn't plan it to be all twos, this just happened to be the time I posted.
YAY!....Im sooo excited 2mm are my friends birthday days and i got a super cute plan for them....me and friends are going to kidnap both of them 2mm morning and take them out in their PJs and go out to breakfest....     Had practice today, then had family reunion, then had Michelles birthday party.      Have to study this weeked and practice practice practice!!!!
I'm so happy.  Not about one thing in particular; just...  life in general.  &lt;3 everything and everyone.
WOOOOOOOO!!! I love you my sweet tracy, not like that. shes making me a new layout ^.^ it wont work though.. poo face thingy! yes, well yeah! GOOD LUCK! ilu!  ~Ashley
Well, that was definitly the last time that i will be going there. It was not  fun at all. We had to be the best church their and we were second to worst(next to Asbury, however you spell it). i got yelled at soooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much. i need a shower i think that i will take one now. relive my anger....&gt;.&lt;. bye  ~Ashley~
ucsc &lt;3 me! at first i saw this tiny assed envelope, and i was like "...well, damn..." but i opened it up, read the letter, and i got in! go me! now waiting on davis, SLO, and my safety
http://forums.anandtech.com/message view.aspx?catid=38&threadid=1474389&STARTPAGE=1&FTVAR_FORUMVIEWTMP=Linear   fucking hilarious!
I just got a wonderfully cheery email from a dear friend in Britain that I'd been a bit worried about but hadn't gotten organized enough to call. Perfect way to start the day! Now to get into this work stuff...
I am really looking forwards to seeing       adamnedsoul    's face tomorrow when he sees his surprises.
Got my OU assignment back today. Was surprised to have done much better than I anticipated, and amused by my tutor's comment: 'I'm tempted to say it was worth the wait, except that would downplay the importance of cut-off dates.'   I shouldn't be so amused really - the cut-off date for the next assignment is next week, and I haven't started that one yet. Ulp.
Nothing quite says love like dinner at Veggie Heaven and an evening of Bam videos!   My boyfriend rules!   (So I am wearing a velvet mini skirt. *wink*)
i dont think i've ever been this happy! omg!..dont ask lol. just a little hyper! *smiles* so0o..an update shall we?..*cough*..hm..usual morning..missed him badly..reviewed for final exams today..in all classes..i'm so nervous..and umm..yeah..got home..talked to him..and now in a chat w/ my buddys..VERY GOOD DAY! lol..
Tonight started off crappy, cos my appartment feels like a freezer!!  But then I was rescued by my knight in shining armour. hehe. We hung out at his place most of the night, watching TV and chatting away, while I warmed up again! haha. It ended up being such a fun night in the end. But now I'm home again....and cold again.....but at least I'm all excited and happy now!!! :))
Goodmorning, I'm at school I'm so glad I'm in school not I hate school well my weekend was ok I baked a cake and other things today is my day to cook dinner great well i'm cooking a meat loaf mix veggies and yellow rice mmmmmmm!!!! I can't wait . I hope I have a wonderful day at school bye bye
Well, I noticed that it's been awhile since I've said anything on here so I figure, why not?&nbsp; Well, it's finally here that's right it's SUMMER TIME!&nbsp; I'm so glad to be done with my first year of college!&nbsp; Kinda scary, but so exciting all together....
today is the beautiful and talented Severina's b-day, she is a year older than me. and in nine days it will be MY turn!   best wishes to my better half , I love you soooo much! and yes, it is true being poor really bites ass! (I am working on it)        guess all I have to offer is a grand stickin'!!!!                          HAPPY B- DAY SEVY AND DIE HER EVIL TWIN!
So while everyone else went out of town...I too did something special, hey wait I think i have pictures!
PATRICK YOU GOT A JOURNAL!!!!!!!!!! SCORE!!!!!!!! All thanks to Kate...lol!!! Gotta go watch Stepmom! Later
Winning doesn't. *smiles* Would've been better if Bruno had been playing, but it was still fun. You know what else is fun? Making Bruno feel better. Very much fun.   Love ya, Bruno.
OK, so I am back playing again, and I am very happy about it. I'm also very happy that we won the other night, and that I got to celebrate with Bruno. Of course, I'll take any reason to celebrate with Bruno...
Excuse me while I do a crazy dance for joy. *does a crazy dance for joy* I'm playing for Carolina now! Bruno's team! I never thought I would be glad to be traded, but hey - anything that brings me closer to Bruno is a good thing. Plus, the Flyers didn't really need me anyway.
A few days ago I went to see Lohn Heder the guy who plays Napolian Dynamite in well..... Napolian Dynamite It was an awesome show and we got a few pics before the cops took my camera away(made me put it in the car) because youre not supposed to take any photos...but it was fun!
Wooooo Hoooo My cousins not leaving LJ after all im so glad. Now if I could just get my time machine up everything will  be good!!!
Starwars Episode III is comming in May and I cant wait.....its gonna be rated PG-13.....as George Lucas said in the 60 min special with him to see the teaser trailer go here  http://www.starwars.com/episode-iii/rel ease/trailer/theocspot.html    and also for the real thing try     http://www.starwars.com/episode-iii/rel ease/trailer/teaser.html
My cousin...you may know him from  http://www.livejournal.com/users/blakei sgeeky/  his live journal....he got me into it an I love it!
well it's st. pat's day! happy st. patricks day everybody. i have my green on dad's blastin his irish music i found my celtic knotwork ring today which made me happy and i'm eating real authentic irish cuisine. pizza. mmmmm. erin go braless!
Happy Birthday,       celli   !  *smooch*  May this year be a wonderful one full of great moments and lots of love.  And may this year only be the beginning of even more great moments and love.  Oh.  And don't forget to have lot of fun, too! :)
Jazz Christian Ross Sharp was born last night :) (my latest nephew)  I'm happy :) But I gots the cold, so i can't go see him yet, which sucks. But I will soon and that'll be good.
Merry Christmas  , or   Kwanza   or    H    anukkah    or just plain   Ha  ppy   Ho  lid  ay  s   to everyone celebrating today! I hope Santa brought everyone what they wanted :)
Wooohooooo!  I'm a Dragon!!!         I took the  What Mythological Creature Are you?  test by       peacefulchaos    !
H A P P Y  B I R T H D A Y        minuial_82   !!!!!!! have a great day with your family, loads of friends, cakes and prezzies!!! *hugs* i wish you all the best!!!  and here a personal message of someone else ;P    hope you have a fantastic day, hun!!! :)))))
i've decided to have a little going away party for myself, since i prolly won't get to see half of you otherwise.  august 10 anytime after 7 or 7:30ish my house  please come!!
I have just found out that my first modula science (chemistry, and biology) I got a C in chem and was only one mark of getting a B and I got a D in biology and was only 2 marks away from a C. A major pain in the butt, but I'm happy with that:-D
Happy Birthday to my one and only         rootbeer1   !!!!   Say hi to Steve,  in your birthday suit!!!
Well, after giving the final, one of my students said something that made me happy. She asked if I would be teaching any higher level math classes, because she hoped that she could take another math class with me teaching. She said she really liked me as a teacher, and she liked the way I teach. :P
Neopets is Finnaly up.I'v had a Treasure map in my shop for freakin 3 days,I wish someone would hurry up and buy it!!Also I got my 39th av yesterday^^Sorry its so boring right now,nothing's happened today.:(
This Place Looks like a cool Place.Well,I have nothing to talk about at this moment,just bored out of my mind,(Neopets is down for maintenance)
i look like im from the 60's or 70's     awww..and kel's making fun of me :) i love her  thanks ashli for the pix..memories!   p.s. im working at hot topic tomorrow at 3:30pm...come visit me please..make my day go by faster!
I made a Quiz for you!  Take my Quiz!  and then  Check out the Scoreboard!        &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    50 cent is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator         yea it is!
There are two dozen gorgeous red roses in a beautiful red glass vase on my dresser.  Black, grey, brown, white, grey, clear, yellow, green, ocher, red all come out of my nose.  There is a house on Thompson in the historic district that has two old hearses. Both have been decorated with flames, one in warm colors, the other in cool colors. I so want to meet these people.
.x. Wow, a birthday post? How strange ;] This is my offical OMG HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my favourite guy on LJ,       exemplar_   . XD MWAH .x. Credit       withpaperwings_    if you take one (or twelve), comment to this post please, no hotlinking, no editing any of them (even blanks), and love on Jer ;P  01.   02.   03.        04.   05.   06.    07.   08.   09.    10.   11.   12.
.x. Comment to tell me which you like, credit me in your keywords &/or comments, no hotlinking my photobucket/s, don't edit them...that's about it. :D Just to clear it up - nah, don't work for Apple. Just pimping them. .x. Ipod, Ipod Mini, Ipod Shuffle, U2 Ipod...they're all here.  01.   02.   03.        04.   05.   06.   (yes, that's a Strongbad reference) 07.   08.   09.    10.   11.   12.
Lionel, Dave, Lydia, Stella, Mich, and Kim:  Thanks all for a great evening.  After Kim's beautiful rendition of the Cooking Master Boy song, I must see that anime now.  Time for me to find this song online somewhere.  More tomorrow...brain fried.....  Now time to go to bed and sleep in until 2PM I hope!
Anyone ever been so impressed they've been so blown away they're taken to somewhere else?  ==&gt;HAPPY  G'night! =)
Yaaaaaaaaaay!  I'm going to see Michael Buble in May!  Yay!    I got a letter from the kid I worked with in Juvie...  That's an issue, but I think it's been resolved.  That's about all.  It's been a good week thus far, and I don't want to jinx it =)
I think I actually helped some kids learn this evening.  Talk about one of those warm, fuzzy feelings.  I wonder if it's still being a good person if you're getting paid to do so?  I'm thinking there's no reason to get all tied up in the logistics of the matter. =)
So the last two days were well spent in Ottawa with Bonnie, Christine, Pete, Bowman Dave, and Franca.  Good times were had by all, and I'll have to give an extensive update tomorrow.  Had an interesting time coming back from Canada (more on that in the later post), and a good time once I got back as well.
I was just reminded that Orbital have confirmed for  Oxegen (the worst fucking name for a festival ever). It'll be my second time seeing them, and this news just made the festival lineup a whole lot better for me.
Son Kite is  THE  ultimate Minimalist Trance Group! LoL, I'm going all poseurish with my weird music group obsessions.
Congrats to Big Poppa! He just got word that he is accepted into the  Physics PhD  program at  Emory .  Options are always nice.  You tha man Bubba.  Fuck the Vols, Go Hotlanta!!!!!!!
What a beautiful day!  I just went for a bike ride.  And I am officially DONE with Jury Duty!!!!!!  Yipeeee!  I love it when it warms up like this!
Californiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaa  Here we cooooooooooooooooommmmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeee eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee   *UBER-EXCITED* :D
why the title? because that's what i'm listening to : bryan adams - back to you! and there's only think i'm thinking of :-)
http://www.caltrops.com/pointy.php?actio n=viewPost&pid=16489   Also, a side note, if you page through the history of posts at that place, particularly in "Site Comments" you will find very hilarious troll / flame threads in which I am ripped to pieces as my head is severed and then shoved up my own arse.  Good stuff!
I'm having problems with geocities!  Check back later!     I got my first fire staff in the mail today!  Go and look at it, admire it in all its red glory, this I command of you!        That is the fire staff on the left and the practise staff that I just finished making on the right.      Ah!  I'm in love *looks glassy eyes*      A gay picture but cool none the less!
HaPPy 4th of JuLy !!!      This  morning  I went swimming w / my brother Luisto , my mom & dad . I got a  TAN !       missdramaqueen    I'm almost as  black  as you !  Now we bbq -ing , we got some bacardi , and we funna watch the  fireworks  ! MuAhz!
S o, I am bored in the lab.&nbsp;&nbsp; Waiting for this  alcohol  thing with Crysta to start at 5.&nbsp; So, I figured a quick update wouldn't hurt.
I have been getting that itch that makes me want to run to the craft store. I have a desire to run out and get a sketch pad, pencils, and all the fun stuff needed to create. I have been pulling out my beading stuff and idly beading a necklace, but it's not fitting the mood for the moment.   *itchy*itchy*fingers
For the first time in quite awhile, I can say that I am just plain happy :) And it feels really good :)
What stupid celebrity are you destined to kill? by   daydreamer8852        Name           Birthdate           You killed           With a           On    January 18, 2023               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
Last night was amazing.&nbsp; I never thought a high school dance could be so much fun.&nbsp; Dinner was at Firebirds with Bill/Auburn and Lucas/Me.&nbsp; Prom was held at the Glendale Civics Center.&nbsp; And, after prom fun was held at none other than Denny's for ice cream where Bailey/Aaron joined Lucas/Me.&nbsp; It was altogether just a great night.
Okay, so I just wrote an entry about my wonderful date with Travis.... and it didn't post. &gt;&lt; pissin' me off.....  But, yeah, I had the best time... He opened my car door for me. And we held hands and it was all so cute and he's so cute and  -sigh-  I loved it. =D It was the best!!  Well, we'll try posting one more time. I have to go do my homework... &gt;&lt; Later!!
here's some pictures of me performing @ that show on saturday, & some of me & of me & courtney &hearts;
hey to everyone...i'm still alive....i know i havent updated my lj in centuries but here i am.... i love everyone that supports tpt and everyone that craes for us.... love you guys later
In the span of three hours I laughed, I cried and I ate food enough for two or three manatee (I'm assuming they eat a lot, if not forgive me).  Today though, so far, has been better.  wish me luck.
One more icon to add to the list and I have to admit I really like this one, so it's going up as the default. My thanks go out to       rustedxmagick    for making this for me!
so me and ash finally settled the score. THE AWARDS FOR MOST PATHETIC CRUSH EVER ARE:  OFIR FOR EVERY GUR SHES EVER LIKED TIED WITH NATALIE FOR SAM IN FIRST PLACE  JULIA F FOR MICHEAL KAHN IN SECOND PLACE  AND JULIA C FOR KEELAN IN THIRD PLACE  it took a while for us to fidne out third place..anyway i have to go to voice BYE BYE
best spring break ever!!!  pictures will be coming soon :)  how's everyone else's spring break going?
its been a wonderful couple days.... for real! lol yesterday i took my italian test, didnt study, still think i did ok... then today i finally got my application for SUNY in the mail! it's such a relief to have that all taken care of! im gettin SO excited!  ok, maybe i should actually do some work now.....
so...i'm not updating this think very often...reason??...i'm a lazy bitch!! haha  not much happening these days...show yesterday, pay the price and andsoyoudie..very good sets from both bands, after that went to La Cage au Sport for some chicken wings...then it was time for La Boite a Chanson and getting drunk....and finishing the "soirée" at the strippers...haha nice life!
oh man today was fine and its nice because im  happy  yes im happy. sure when i hear things about people it still kinda stings and i wish people could be happy with me and be happy that im happy finally and i dont like things that are going on around me but im happy i really am just right out happy.
ok people no longer blow monkee ass... in fact i kinda like people... I am leaving for Ohio tomorrow... yeahhhhhh... sorry im just a lil happy!!! i really on have anything else to say...
Well, I must say, I'm pretty happy. Its not super duper happy, just happy. Maybe content is what I am. I don't know. I like the feeling a lot though, its super nice.
Last night, I realized how truely happy I am. I don't really know what happened, but I am happy. Really super happy. I like how it feels. Seriously though, I don't think I have felt this way in a while. Like I may have been sort of happy, but it still waen't as happy as I have been since last evening. Something came over me, and it was exciting, and I got happy, and I am still&nbsp; happy.
OK, the big news that earlier tody I could not talk about is that the mWo is going on TV. I'll be giving you more details later. By the way the start time has been push up one hour to 4pm from 5pm that Saturday.
I have to say that my favor drug store is the Walgreen's at 5020 Corunna Rd. off of Linden Rd., Why? Because Doctor Tonei Black has been stop and recognized there two times, and once at Office Maxx on Linden Rd.. God that is so cool. Someone saids "Hey your Dr. Black, My kid talked about you. We saw you in Davison." Man it helps out the old Ego. That there are people who watch us, now that Cool.
Wow …… What a brilliant time I had at bicon.  As well as my usual friends I met so many great people, and so many sexy ones too.  I’m really looking forward to seeing all the new people again or keeping in touch. Thanks Bicon organisers.
I am in melborn australia. been to see some qualias today and a waterfall. the conference I am at is at a beach resalt. temperature for tommorrow is 30C. sorry I can't check your entries, traffic is being kept down because of terminal ques.  heather :)
Call of the nation wide search, my collar has been found! ^-^  *Does a happy dance*   Two more days till my folf arrives ^-^ ~&lt;3  *Hugs and sends my love*   ~ Baka
Good morning, good morning! I ran into some one today, and even tho the news I heard was disappointing, I was just still glad I ran into them..wish it happened more often.   I just want to move on..  (Sorry it's a random post..but that's how I feel lately..completely random.)  I &lt;3 you all!
home once again and just on my own while larry takes bruce to pick up his car.... went to see sin city and my god it was gory...thank god i went with larry to see it... i seriously dont want to go home later on....im quite content here...oh well all good things come to an end eh? well im gonna make the most of it in the mean time...
Booked my tickets  homethis morning.  I fly out on the 20th June and land in cape Town on the 21st oh-yeah! Can't wait!
I saw BRAND NEW performing today (with a bunch of other bands) at NCC. They were the best band up there, but overall the show wasn't bad (and it was fr$$). PS I REALLY REALLY REALLY wanna go to the evanescence show coming near here soon.
Phil is back from Iraq.   It's St. Patrick's aka Drinkin' For No Reason Day.  Posky's (probably) getting married within the next year or so (according to his livejournal).   I aced the shit out of my copy editing midterm.   I can move shit into my new "home" starting on Monday.   My car is starting to run a little better.   I'm actually saving more money than I'm spending.   Yes.
Today is a great day. Not only because it's my 21st birthday on a Friday, but we got our place to live for next year.   IN A FUCKING TRAILER. DOUBLE-WIDE.   But, rent is going to be fucking cheap, and the place hasn't even been lived in yet. We're right next to the park and the playground, too. I'm fucking pumped.
well last friday i turned 16!!!  but today was even better, i got a 100% on my permit test!!!:)  it was rele easy.  but my mom said i cant drive till she thinks im ready :( o well!!  well thats all for now.
Guess who...   ...got his B in math up to an A?  ...has enough money to buy a laptop at Dell?  ...finally figured out how to get an Alias mood theme on his LiveJournal...  ...and will be getting one soon?   ME!
today,  www.method-media.nl  was fully registered.  Now, I'm busy with the site for it (still)  Check often for updates! ^_^
today was awesome...i when to school wit randy and hector lol put some flowers in michelles locker talk wit tw...... then later on give erin a flower i think well i hope she liked it.............o yea happy brithday mom!!!!!!
Merry Christmas everyone!  I hope you all have a wonderful and happy holiday time.    @ Mel.  Wassail!!  Merry Christmas, hon!!
Nothing short and sweet this time. &nbsp;  I became a New Yorker for a few days, and I want to share it (and some pictures) with the world.
Time is dragging.&nbsp; It's only been 48 hours since the weekend, but the week should be over already.&nbsp;
Yesterday was a great day.&nbsp; I've had a lot of them lately, but reading  Claudia 's journal has inspired me to write about it.
yee-haw!  music camp rocked.  new people who are fun, new experiences (first college party!  i know, i'm a junior.  :-P) which were fun, new place to live (yayayay!).  so yay!  oops!  and people are now here so i gotta go.  more later! ~J!
"Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile could be the source of your joy." -Thich Nhat Hanh  This weekend was awesome. :)
Wooooooot! I gotta tub :) Its not hooked up to anything and I found out the delivery people tried to deliver it to another house and had to walk it up main street to get it to my house. So that makes it a well traveled tub. I also now have working lights and a vent fan installed. Hopefully the frameing for the tub/shower insert will happen today.
Yes siree! Im finaly on Vacation at my Brothers house in California :) It is nice to get away from the housework and job stuff for a while and will try to make the most of this vacation  Sooooo .... off to go relax or something :)
Neat test and this is what my result is             Which of the Lords of Rainbow do you serve?        www.LordsOfRainbow.com
I have finally come over to the darkside.  I have a livejournal now.  I am still going to keep my xanga, but I am now going to be writing on this thing.
Just in ase some of you wanted to know  I finally got a cell phone after much consideration.  My number is...  0273055073  So send me a message or whatever.  Ciao  Terry
Hey droogs!  Doubtless you have seen the icons made by the  Portrait Illustration Maker  around LJ...like my brand new one as you see here. Well, I made one of Dave Mustaine too! ;) I figured I would share it with you. You may snitch it if you like. :) He kinda looks like Cryptic Writings era Dave, I think.  Here he is:    Snitch and enjoy! ;)
Head = shaved. I now have a +3 bonus to sexiness.   http://content.collegehumor.com/media/m ovies/killerlizard.asf
sila1982 is happy.                You're a rosy-cheeked ray of f'ing sunshine 24/7.  I bet you smile a lot and little things don't get you down.  Must be nice.  Fuchsia's definitely your color.                  brought to you by  interim32 . wanna know your lj's moodring color?  enter your user name and hit the button. ( discussion thread )
soooo can i just say  mothafuckin BEST BOYFRIEND EVER!!!  cant even DESCRIBE how awsome....oy. matthew- you fill my canteen
YAY! It is finally here! OMG that finals week was hell but I am moved home to Northville and am here in Michigan till May 18th.....so if you want to visit me before I leave (i come back for a week in july and leave again till aug 10) call the cell or IM me! -Jackie
great weekend a really blury weekend but great none the less.  see the adventure unfold as guel, johnny, fellow barryite jessica and i embark on a magical quest.  http://www.dotphoto.com/Go.asp?l=fourfo urtwo24&P=&AID=2176723&T=1
Damn, but John Picacio can paint.           The press release .   I got  so  lucky when I got hooked up with Picacio.
I found&nbsp;these articles rather interesting....finally something interesting to debate in class about!&nbsp;
heyy. i`m at Rachels house. :)  We skipped school to go to marks show at 11 oclock in the morning! lol then skyler and lauren came over to rachels and watched some movies. they left a while ago, but i`m still here (obviouslY)! we`re watching some dumb movie that`s on tv. it`s seriously dumb. i don`t get it at all!  hope everyone had a kickass new years.  i know i did. :)
You scored as  Catholic .         Catholic             90%       Christian             70%       Jewish             50%       Buddhist             45%       Cult             45%       Anarchist             30%        Religion   created with  QuizFarm.com      how right
The moment I saw Sara in my movie's Lingerie - I knew my film would turn out all right.    YES!  We have found another person to model our Lingerie commercials!!!  Whooo hoo!  My faith in women is back to normal.  Let's just hope she shows up &lt;-- that's a half-joke.
My dearest friend has grown older and wiser, Today is his birthday and I want to be there...  But eventhough we physically are miles apart, wherever he is, there lies my heart  Oh God, please bless him with all happiness and joy Shower him with love and leave no reason to cry!
woo hoo!  two interviews today..  how nice, now as long as i get a call tomorrow or wednesday, i'll start working thursday.  $9/hr to start ain't to bad either.  do that for two months and then i'm on my way to kc.  well, that's about all i have for today.
The Muse was awesome! I did get pissed off a little bit, but I cooled off. I should've taken my anger out in the mosh pit, but there 7 foot guys throwing each other against the wall..so nah. All the bands kicked ass. I was too antisocial, meh I hate being shy. Man I hate guys, well I only have a few in mind....well just one.
First of all, anyone that&nbsp;has ever seen&nbsp;"Thriller" cannot deny that MJ has a sweet ass.&nbsp;
ok i am going to stop  putting stuffo n here no one  comments  or reads  it ... if i get a resopnce  by the next time i got on then ill post some  more but if not for get this site ....
ooh good its nice and fresh. I always feel happier when im cool.  ahh what a good vacation. i went to mexico and it was pretty sweet. i got to go ice skating! it was only my second try but i was pretty good. I can do spins now :)
will bought me serial killer trading cards for valentines! jealous?   things are sad, mommy is gone to korea. i miss her lots.   i want to go on trips, to all over with maggie and erin.   i wish school and work weren't so dumb.  gosh, i love trail mix
I completely forgot to say this earlier...I found a church for me to go to over here at school! Everyone was so welcoming, and seemed to be truly interested that i was there. Awesome time there....its called Soul Discovery Church. Im gonna start going here every week.
for all you LJ kids who don't check my myspace here are "the pictures from campout."                                   &lt;3 you guys!
i want to write an entry that will astound you to the point where you are so compelled/connected/overjoyed/enraged/en amored/moved by what i've said that you will leave a comment about all the beauty in the world and make me feel like i'm a part of something bigger and better
Don't like my Halloween costume? Click here for a very special message from me-----&gt; Sakka says...
I finally found a screwdriver last night in the course of my (slow) unpacking, thus allowing me to put a second network card in my Linux box and set it up as a firewall/gateway, which in turn allows me to set up my full home network again, including the wireless.  Life is  geeky  good!
this makes post numba 5 today...  Yeah, so i just got back from Texas Roadhouse with Josh, which was the highlight of my day.  It was alot of fun and i'm glad i gotta spend a few hours with the love of my life today.  He is really awesome and i love him so so so so much!  keep truckin' (stolen from Jarod)
I had an awesome night last night  you girls are the coolest!  I found a letter in and apparently I got into TDP so yay!  I'm excited everyone is like cool what do you do in tdp and my only response is I don't know haha.  Well I'm off to have a great day of rollarblading with Jacki give us a call if you would like to join us, or have something better to do haha.  Bye!
i still love the spice girls and listen to them on a regular basis.  im sick--who still listens to em?  sean henehan, ive missed you :)  last night was fun...
You know what I think? There should be a performance class in school. Not any one type of performance, just a class where you can perform dance and sing and act and recite and have fun. I'd love that.  Family, chocolate cake, all is well.
Yay! Today was the first day of SPRING BREAK!!! WOOO! I got to sleep in, play guitar, take an hour long shower, what more could you want! I got some fun pictures developed too :-) Oh they make me smile. Alright well I should be getting ready for church or something. I'm sure I'll have much more to talk about tomorrow :-)   See Ya!
yay! its finally vacation!  last night I went to annelies's house to celebrate the vacation.  It was quite fun.  I got to talk to alot of people some i havent talked to in a while so it was good catchin up with them.  I dont have much to say today sorry but its gonna be fun sleepin in these next days.. well i hope everyone has a great vacation! peace! ---MATT NAT
I am 18  Wow  It's like being 17 but more likely to go to jail  I have more holes in my body Don't tell anyone if you know where plus The lovely ladies at my work gave me a $30 certificate to High Priestess  Hott  What should I get pierced? VOTE
Everyone pull a chair up  Its a party Dont make it wait You musn’t be tardy  Open your eyes  Close your mouth Look into the skys As everything falls down  Make sure not to blink You dont want to miss a drop Stare into the abyss Listen as it drops  It will fall for days But only in your memory Dont miss the sudden waves  Of rains sheer extacy
so apparently, im spose to write in this shiiiiiit  my lifes just been going.  nothing excitings been happening, same old, same old  im excited for summer...  thats all i got..  Bbytumble05: tara kicks ass! Bbytumble05: haha sike  later yall
i love it here it is mad you can smoke where u want and when u want u can drink when u want  its my kinda life  the language is 2 hard tho and their kebords are wierd going to search out alan bye bye   love ya liz and john n larni missin ya
i am going to belgium a week tommorow aND I AM SO EXCITED!!!!!! i have got some new clothes and stuff for when i go and i cant wait!!!!!!! been on those stupid tests again when i should have been working!!!     Which Alan Rickman Character Are You?    yay i love these tests!!
Disorder      Rating        Paranoid :    High       Schizoid :    Low       Schizotypal :    High       Antisocial :    Low       Borderline :    Very High       Histrionic :    High       Narcissistic :    Moderate       Avoidant :    High       Dependent :    Very High       Obsessive-Compulsive :    High       --  Personality Disorder Test - Take It!  --        ha. ha.
Why is it that every time I like a girl something gets in the way?  Im fuckin sick of this.  I don't find girls that I really like that often at all. When I do, for some reason or another, I can't have anything with them.  Why can't I just see someone without these problems?  Man...ahhhhhh someone shoot me in the fuckin head.
Today is a beautiful, bright sunny spring day.  It's gorgeous.  So changes.  I no longer exclusively rely on the TTC or my feet to get around.  I bought a bike.  It's wonderful.  Not pretty, but it does the trick, will get me around.  Oh yes, and its a pushbike.  Havn't ridden one of those in nearly a decade.   Man, do my legs hurt.
today is gonna be good i can sence it. Ive got homework to get caught up on and i want to work out, then maybe fire up ye olde dreamcast. idunno well see what happens. I acctually got 116 on my history test, and a 95 on my tai chi mid term... im feeling pretty good.
Ok so Monday was the Hanson concert with Melissa...wow it was just like the greatest thing ever...because we met them...(my first celebrity encounter)
I love Baudelaire L'Amant by Marguerite Duras women's studies a sleepy boy in the morning lying on a boy's chest because he's so much bigger than me wearing a hat I knitted my coat perfectly ripe clementines when I can succeed at the NY Times crossword and many other things. what do YOU guys love?
This has been the best Spring Break ever, nothing even comes close to how happy I have been since Tuesday March 8 ;) And even though the break is over and classes start again tomorrow (ugh) I have a strong feeling that this half of the semester will be much much better than the last half of the semester has been. I couldn't be happier.
people should just forget about things and forgive people. not only that but dont hate people for what others decisions are  its time to start over.   i need a better life and give up a job because its ruining my life.. RUINING it. ok so thats an over exaggeration.   i dont think i am going to book thursday off.. i have a plan to still get it off though.. there is always a way.
I found this on a message board.  It's probably the funniest thing I've seen all week.   http://www.kontraband.com/show/show.a sp?ID=1723&NEXTID=0&PREVID=1728&DISPLAYORDER=20041124164019&CAT=movies&NSFW=
this lady's gonna be seeing kenny wayne shepherd again in july.  it's a free concert even.  music to my ears.
and today i had the hottest date i've had in the longest time.  and it even involved the best show on television.  and the creation of what will become myspace's most famed group.    gooooood stuff.  and i was cut off from the internet a half hour ago.  bedtime.
http://www.letigreworld.com/sweepst akes/html_site/song/deceptacon/deceptaco nvideo.html    he's on the right, his name is Michael Lynch...coolest thing ever
There is a party at my house today starting after 5, please feel free to come on out, bring food and alcohol if you want to, but we will be providing some goodies:)  Hope to see you all here  Clint
Wow Man Life Is Peachy...Im really happy right now im not really sure why... Katie STOP LOOKING AT ROTTEN DOT COM! But anyway... So hows the world? well thats cool... So John Q is so freakin horrid i mean its not horrid its just very heartfilled and depressing at points and i loved it so yeah..... Man i dont wanna do my report ah well forget it.....
God bless the xenon headlight, Mobil 1 Trisyn oil, and the V rated tire.  BTW, today (technically yesterday, since its 12:30) was the first very good day in a long time.  I'm glad I have the friends I have.
I leave the day after tomorrow.....doing the nuetron dance.....gonna see the sights.....so happy doing the neutron dance
well everyone I am moving to Arizona in a week.so the updating will not start picking up till I am there and settled in.I cant wait to go.I am so excited.
Okay, I finally got rid of that evil AOL icon on my desktop.  In the end I had to clean out about 5 registry keys to do it.  I made a mistake the first time searching the registry because I didn’t uncheck the match whole string option, therefore I didn't find any keys the first time through.  In the end though I got rid of the evil icon.  Thanks to all those that helped me out *hugs and licks*
a diamond is 4ever...and so are you and i =D   i love you sooo much...i miss you holding me...i miss your bed...i miss you.
so apparantly... i'm everyone's friend on facebook.. according to david... hahahaha...  oh! and dido is taking the black woman next semester!
Jenessa said that I had a wild weekend along with her and Jello. Well... I've been sick since last Sunday. The throat crap that I had with mono decided to say hello.. but I'm ok now. The wild part was that I got offered to be in a foresome... interesting huh? well... Frank's on his way. I need to get ready.
omfg the weekend was soo much fun i dont even know where to begin i love my friends and blue sooo freakin much!!!
i know i need 2 post this huge review bout Blue in Rockingham..dont have time for that right now though..will do hopefully this weekend was one of the best weekends EVER, we had soo much fun and we were front row :) HOLLA     that would be ME, MEL, STONY, SILKE and the lovely LUCY talkin on the phone :)
I think today was the best day I have had all semester long. Between a B on my anthropology test, having dinner with a friend I feel extremely close to right now, to getting to know a few people on a deeper level, to just feeling content, it's been an amazing day.  This week has been amazing actually, and this weekend is the Phi-Lamb retreat. Life is just rocking right now.
Due to the depressing nature of my last few posts, I have decided to lighten things up a little. I'm going for cute points here... viva la sleeping Trog let sleeping Trogs lie a Trog in the doona is worth 2 in the bush      how much do you all love my ugly IKEA doona cover Trog loves it
4 up 1 down 1.5 to go  UP: Michigan State U. Ithaca College Boston U. Denison U.  DOWN: William & Mary  1.5: U. Michigan Boston College (Waitlist) therefore it's a half...  Boston U or Ithaca College
i had an AWESOME birthday, so thanx to all who made me happy and/or sang or just said happy birthday. i love you all.  highlights: lunch with beth presents from KT G. and grandma Being sung to by the soccer team Seeing the soccer team get to the finals of the Metro and lastly realizing i don't have to go anywhere 'til 9 tomorrow.  i honestly had one of the best days of my life!!!!!!!!!!!!1
i miss you, i miss you so far... and the collision of your kiss that made it so hard... way down, way down, way down way down, way down, way down... i miss you, i miss you so far... and the collision of your kiss that made it so hard...
alright testing this sucker out   It's beth in some weird light...thing...kinda   It snowed all day today!
Well everyone, I hope you have an awesome Easter and rest of spring break. I'll be in Florida and may or may not update. I'll be home Saturday but I have my phone with me if you need me (yay no roaming!)   HAPPY EASTER!
I'm amazed.&nbsp; There's no post from       graydancer    !&nbsp; So I just have to wish him a Happy Birthday here.&nbsp; Hopefully he's been busy doing beautiful birthday things while I've been sweating away in classes and learning pretty cool partnered front handsprings.&nbsp;
Discovery of the day- the library's wireless network extends to the outdoors, so I can sit on the science quad with xavier and do work. Or, well, play on the internet. Same difference, right?
Yesterday was the big outrigger race so i was doing something like this for most of the day.................
aww.  Luke is ridiculously cute with kids.  That makes me like him even more!  Emily and I are gonna leave in a few to go to the softball game to see Miranda kick some butt!  So anyone who reads this and would like to join us, come on over to the field.             just a thought...why do I always fall so hard for the unattainable guy?  It sucks...
I love the weather.   Going to Relay for Life for a while tonight. I'm definitally concidering taking the bus to Allendale to save some gas money.  And I may have an escort (no not a hooker) for prom tomorrow night after all. Whom apparentially owns a tux with a red jacket and matching red studs. To say that I was suprised would be an understatement.
Radboy found this last night and I have to share as it involves April 1st AND penguins!  Enjoy!   http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=sto ry&u=/afp/20050401/od_afp/japanaprilfoolani malsoffbeat
Well early this morning I talked to August about things in his life and in mine. We made a pack that we will always remind each other that we have each other ans that nothing can break our friend and love for each other. And we are going to be spending a few days together just the 2 of us around his bday in August.
The idea was inspired by (or stolen from) Matt Hope, his cardigan, and his interesting sense of colour..
its so nice out.  i'm wearing short pants and flip flops &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3    Voting Results Are In   The winner is.....    Blueberry!!   Blueberry = 6 Votes Pecan = 2 Votes Undecided = 2 and 1 vote for Chocolate Cream Pie. ahaha
TODAY I AM 19 YEARS OLD!   I supposedly have alot planned for today but let's see if everything goes as planned. I hope everyone has a great day! Happy Birthday to me!
Snow day today!    The day is officially declared national hot chocolate day in the state of Mers.   Hurrah!
I am officially a real aunt! (as an only child the only way  is thru my in-laws). Ryan's sister had her baby last nite- a boy also- Anthony John! I am dying to call him AJ, but I don't know how Kerry would take that. Congrats to Kerry & Lou! Kerry called us an hour after she had the kid, she *had* to have been all drugged up still. Hopefully we can see him tonite!
Ten thousand obscuria points to anyone who can identify that title.  Twenty if you can remember the rest of it.  Just finished Hedge Knight.  OMGOMGOMG WANT THE NEXT SoIaF BOOK RIGHT GODDAMN NOW.
I haven't written in a while so I thought I wold say, I am still alive! :) oh and Asta says hi!  Oh and I saw Assassins last night, it was GREAT! the guy playing John Wilkes Booth had really creepy eyes!
FINALLY!!   The seller has signed the contract and faxed it to my realtor.  The process can now move forward.  ^_^ -Nih
Birthy Happday       rach74   !!   I usually miss these, but by some fluke I caught this one. Have a spectacular day Rach! =D
Happy Birthday Andrew!!  It's my boyfriend's 26th birthday today! Yay for Andy!   Haiku  12/1/04  thin plume of white smoke curling briskly in the wind whisps disappearing  red amaryllis from an unassuming stalk sprout like miracles  first of december: the weather seems far too mild to herald this month  how suddenly the sky changes its mood from the stormy to the clear
CDS! I gots lots of new ones now. RUFiO, The Early November, The Nixons, Arcade, Saves the Day, Finch, and Semisonic. All really good. 2 were unheard of when bought, but that only makes them even better.
well I'm looking forward to school startin again just cause I'm lookin forward to seeing all the people again but as much as I am looking forward to it starting I want it to be summer still too. I hope this year brings alot of things I have been looking forward to and just be a great year. aight well I am extreamly bored so I think I'm just gonna stop talkin so lata  - J -
You have an entrancing kiss~ the kind that leaves your partner bedazzled and maybe even feeling he/she is dreaming.  Quite effective; the kiss that never lessens and always blows your partner away like the first time.      What kind of kiss are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla    Yea, go me. See this guys? I rock!
~WIND~ Wind wolves are social, but prefer small packs to large ones. Less names to remember. Wind wolves are fun-loving and care-free, but will protect loved ones with their lives.      What Wolf Element Are You? {Now with Pictures}     brought to you by  Quizilla
So the past couple of weeks have been kinda mixed.  A lot of things just happened really suddenly.  But enough of the bad.    The good things that happened:  -Dad Came back from Taiwan  -Got Kung Fu Hustle on dvd  -HUGE graduation present from my aunt  -Got a date for prom  Yea... some of you may think this is a lame entry but whatever... It's my journal.    O yea, happy early birthday kevin!
Remember when i wrote about me buying stocks?  I made bank today.  It jumped 239%.  I sold at .87 cents.  1000 shares bought at .39 cents each + 20 dollar broker fee.  Sold for a total of $870.  $470 profit in less than a week.  As of now, after i sold the stock at .87 a share, it is now at .71 cents.
just came back from peters house. got to hang out with him yates tony and andy. that was fun... playing mario smashbrothers,ddr and this tank game thats fucking addicting!!! YAY! well now i have to work on my AHistory project thats due i think next week... hopefully... and i havent even started it yet
If you have photos from the party, or video, or descriptions, or stained glass windows, neckties, anything... comment here with a link to them.  That way people far away can share the enjoyment!
maaaan i wish i could go to warped tour.   oh well... next year.  I'm watching joey. Fun fun.... im always watching him or james. The wonderful summer of Kendra. It's all in the good once school starts I'll have a life again.
Yesterday's scare appears to have been just that. Whew!  Went in to the office today, got a lot done, had city food (miso soup for lunch, Gold Coast char dogs for dinner), will be finishing one of my favorite books tonight (Guy Gavriel Kay,  A Song for Arbonne ), working from home tomorrow, visiting my folks and seeing the Canadian Brass over the weekend.  All is well. :)
Ahhhh..... so much better now.  Thank you very much.  So guess what I have had to eat today. Come on, guess....  One english muffin with peanut butter (courtesy of alex) and a handful of chips    MAybe I should go hunt food now, maybe not.
minus the fact that i look rather disgusting (reason as to why pics are small ; ) haha), i think we can be pretty cute!  ...don't lie - you think so too  anyhow. thot i'd share that i'm a very happy person right now! : ) that's all. hope you're happy too
I really like his neighbourhood. I should go do some serious shooting there (and get myself some decent tripods :-P).  J.
Thanks to  Steve , I now have a copy of Full House: Season 1 on DVD.  It's about freakin' time they put it on DVD, and I am happy.  I am also a dork, but we'll overlook that fact. :oP
tsukechick    is totally awesome.  Since I haven't really had much of a spring break, she drew an awesome  Gloria Mundi Goes To the Beach  picture for me which is getting scanned and going up here tomorrow.  She totally made my day!
And by the way....Louisville was supposed to be a 4-seed, remember?  Well, they just told the NCAA selection committee what they could do with the blatant snub by beating top-seed Washington 93-79.  Who's next?
.   &lt;3   that's all I have to say about that...      Even the best fall down sometimes  Even the stars refuse to shine  Out of the back you fall in time  I somehow find   You and I collide
I can now officialy say that i can get into 2 pairs of my pre-pregnancy jeans!!!!!   WWWOOOOOOHHHHOOOOO!  Thats all my exciting news. They aren't my really skinny jeans, but they are still my pre-baby jeans. so that makes me happy
halvsberd's LJ stalker is bipolarpenguin!      bipolarpenguin is stalking you because another friend of yours told them you liked them. They are also stalking you in real life. Look out!       LiveJournal Username:       LJ Stalker Finder  From  Go-Quiz.com
Hey everyone what is up?  I'm finally after two years of wanting to go am going to the zoo this weekend.  I also might start volunteering at the zoo on weekends.  So far on Jenny Craig I've lost 3 lbs in 4 days which is fucking awesome!!!  I had so much to say when I started typing now I can't think of what half of the things I wanted to say are I'll update later.  Peace Minders....
1. Hapscomb's Texaco sat on Number 93 just north of Arnette, a pissant four-street burg about 110 miles from Houston.
You are Zoe. While most others see you as a stone-cold bitch and yes.woman to the captain, you can be both a loving wife and quite emotional - though you never let it show.      Which Firefly character are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
got a message today that i will be a tutor for a company that works in 17 minneapolis schools, starting training the first week of november.  this better-paid-than-guthrie position will let me add to my education resume and not work at night at the guthrie anymore, and it's after school so i can be a substitute still.  woo for me!
wheeww...  Well, today feels like it will be a good day. (At least I hope) I passed my nationals yesterday!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOHOO..... I dont have to much time to update. But I hope everyone had a good weekend....just like I did..... Well, talk to yall later!!! Oh and hi to: Dan, Jon, Matt, Tiffany, Wanda, Christy, Juantia, Adam's ans all....
Happy birthday to me.         and happy birthday to mah friend Frankie. May you rock a million faces and ears this week.
I just wanna give a shout out to my classmate Katlog! Yea! She's 16 today and since it's a Sunday, I can't greet her so I'm gonna do it online! Happy Birthday Katlog! Thanks for being a great friend to me over the years. May God bless you with more birthdays to come! May your wishes also come true! God Bless!!! Ciao! Good luck always sa DG and all your other orgs in school and outside too!
I  RAWK  the CS department's SOCKS OFF.  ...so yeah. Finished the last CS assignment, the assignment of doom. It is slain! Long live the king!  And! I did laundry today. I feel so accomplished today. I mean like... a lot.
today was the fist time EVER that I was told "good job" for yelling at a custemer. I have a had job.. it's called shopping. But I was told not to take any shit from peopel so I didn't. WHen people get into my face then I get into theirs and it made my boss happy. He laughed at first to see a small girl pushing around the big truch drivers. I'm sure it is funny to watch.
I don't know what made me think that staying in Massachusetts for four more years is a good idea. Did I not realize that there are places where it the temperature stays in the sane range all year round? Where I can go to the beach in January? Where where where the sun doesn't set until after the Simpsons every night?  I want a tan.    How sickeningly superficial of me. Brian's completely right.
Mmm, happiness.  I had forgotten what you felt like.  Except for the homework I have.  Damn homework.  And I don't know what my physics assignment for Wednesday is...damn.  Oh well.
It's  Opening Day!   Must crank up "Take Me Out to the Ballgame" as performed by the Goo Goo Dolls.  The sun in St. Louis shines a little brighter, the air is a little fresher, and everyone in the city has a little more spring in their step and hope in their hearts than they did a few days ago.  Well, everyone with the possible exception of  Nikko .
You're Adam Clayton!  Adam is the sarong-wearing bassist of U2.  He was born in England and has an affinity for spoons.  What else could you want?      Which Member of U2 Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla     Squeeeeeeee!!!!!!!
WOOHOO!!!&nbsp; New Monitor.  it's huge, taes up almost my whole des, but, whatever, it wor, and it's shiny (for now) and I shall enjoy it.&nbsp; hmm, there's a button on this eyboard that doesn't wor though.&nbsp; can you guess what it is?
Hello everyone, I want to thank everyone for the support while I was stuck with that horrible family but I left last night so I'm free!! I have a new and wonderful job that I start in less then a week and I'm here in London with my Shaun so things are finally working out and I'm finally starting to relax. I'll update more soon.
Okay, so Geog 130 exam is done. I'm thinking I'll get a decent grade. I completed all of the short answers very well in my opinion, but the multiple choice might be trouble. There were questions on obscure articles so I couldn't remember the point...
The bold ones describe me.&nbsp; Directions:&nbsp; Put this in your journal and bold the ones that apply to you, then add five more at the end.
so lately ive been thinking about going to ric-good education program, good music program, close to home, not too expensive.&nbsp; but...
bored bored bored i am so very bored   BUT I'M GOING TO CHIC-FIL-A NIGHT TONIGHT!!!!  oh yeah: and I opened a checking account. i'm going to get a debit card and checks and stuff.  scary, huh?
In an all-too-rare example of the University actually getting things right on occasion,  Bill Bryson has been appointed as our new Chancellor .
i woke up yesterday to birds chirping. BIRDS CHIPRING. it was like the best way to wake up ever. ok well maybe not  ever ;),  but it was nice. especially after all the lovely pittsburgh weather that us&nbsp;pitt kids have been dilligently trudging ourselves through for the last.... well forever. it makes me happy :)
not only is it raining, it's also freezing cold, and it's gonna stay that way the whole week fun! i walk home by foot, i came here all wet and frozen, but happy as hell i love the winter, and i love you all! alot have a great winter
I love playing with Honey's paws...so she's good for something...her paws make me happy!  :-)  They are so squishy and firm....
~rozgregson~                       LJ  friendsCollage .  	    Brought to you  by       pratibha75    and       teemus   .    And how I love you all!  Although your self-image does worry me, Marci, dearest.
Not that I need them, they're just... fun.        *HUGS* TOTAL!  give RozGregson more *HUGS*     Get hugs of your own
Ah.. and I almost forgot...  Alonzo and his crazy antics: he wants to wish everyone a Happy Easter, a week early...
Go on Hedgehunter, get in there you beauty!    I win! WOOHOO!   I also got fourth place too.  Hmmm, I should have put more money on.
Ahh. The OC=happiness.   Happiness and love.  Love and Summer.  Summer and Seth.  LOVE.  ...also. The Catcher in The Rye is a very good book. So is White Oleander. I wish I had all the time in the world to just read and obsess over fictional characters.
Happy Birthday to me. :o)  Just a bit disappointing that some people have to miss cause they are too busy doing other things that break my heart.
Heart of Gold      What is Your Heart REALLY Made of?     brought to you by  Quizilla    Oooh pretty shiny heart... ^_^
Just as I'm thinking life is going good, I've got the LTM working for me, the Permit I picked up today...  BAM!  My sister gets me a cell phone. How awesome was today for me. This is great (for me anyways, I'm sure most of you had your permits and phones for a while, both on one day for me is a little out there).
I got drums!  Now I just need to learn to play em and find someone to play em with :P  Peace out brosif (yah I dont know how to spell it, w/e)
Okay, to update my movie marathon project (365 movies from december 3rd, 2004 to december 2nd, 2005), after 2 months, I watched 84 movies. I think I'm doing pretty good. Well, it's all a matter of perspective, you know.
it's times like these that i momentarily forget about the long list of stuff i gripe about at work and actually find myself smiling idiotically as i sit in front of my computer and go on with my day, typing away like a total goof.    whew.  looking forward to the weekend.
I really miss my neices and nephew right now.  I also realise one of the things I value most about claire.  All of these people will dance like loonies with me and I am not at all embarrased.  I love it sooo much, I can just jump around and flail..... heh and I compeate.... yeah well this can be much more fun.  back to work...
im dyeing my hair agian if it sokay with my mom im not going to do it like i said im going to, im going to put more blonde in it and some brown again but ya you all will see hopefully i can get it done soon  hope everyone had a great day
It's been a long 2 weeks oi. Been in Medford for 4 days. Thinking of staying longer...  Pros: +plenty of time to apply for jobs online +work on my resume +see my lil brother +get top quality medford booty +hot tub  Cons: -it's medford -mostly boring -other lil brother  The pros outweighed the cons  So I should be back around Friday... or so I think.  I LOVE BEING UNEMPLOYED!
ok, how cool am i? i was offered an interview earlier today for friday. where? only the happiest store on earth! get it yet? THE DISNEY STORE!!! oh man, color me stoked!!!!! discounts are your friend!!! woooo hoooooooooo! please keep your fingers crossed for me everyone!!!   if u think happy thoughts, i'll buy u a stuffed animal.
Your love is... by   ChibiMarronchan        Your name is...           Your kiss is...    mysterious      Your hugs are...    warm      Your eyes...    twinkle in the moonlight      Your touch is...    heart warming      Your smell is...    refreshing      Your smile is...    hypnotising      Your love is...    everlasting             Created with the ORIGINAL   MemeGen  !
This is my first update from the new bedroom :)  I got back from class yesterday, sat down in my room, and thought to myself, "Why am I living in a room that's the size of my closet back home?"  So I spent all of yesterday moving into Amanda's old bedroom.  And it looks pretty damn good.  I = happy.
dianna is smart, funny, incredibly cute...she's great  comedy central is wonderful  things like this make it all worth while, i think  we'll see where this goes
went to andrews tonite--def a good time and we didnt see andrew or jake last night so it was EXCITING and it was like a dashboard fest! ah it made me so happy!
James and Sirius support me, and even Damien's going to talk to Gareth! I think I annoyed him a bit, because I was happy and hugged him, but he's going to talk to Gareth!  Bonnie might live!!
Ahh!     For some scale:    Word to following through on plans. It didn't hurt as much as I thought it would -- everyone probably says that when they get their first tattoo. Some of the more subtle shading should be visible once it heals completely.   YEAH!!!!
A Perfect Kiss  by Analine. Golden Pair fluff involving a confession (or two) and naturally, a kiss! (EijiOishi, shounen-ai)  Status: One-shot. Complete.  Woo hoo! Golden Pair fluff! I don't really have anything else to say about this story. It was cute, it made me grin, and it had lots of moments of revelation.
well, since no one really seems the least bit excited that i got my hair cut off, i think ill let my journal here listen to me. i got it cut, and it looks good. damn good. i like it alot, however, no one else seems to care that i got it cut, it sucks being so goddam alone. but oh well, now that i have gotten out what i wanted to say about my hair, im gonna go shave now.
Your love is... by   ChibiMarronchan        Your name is...           Your kiss is...    mysterious      Your hugs are...    to die for      Your eyes...    sparkle like the stars      Your touch is...    heart warming      Your smell is...    amazing      Your smile is...    amazing      Your love is...    eternal               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
Comment if Taking    1. My Very First Colorbar: Dido:         Dido is Inspiring Love.  Made by       suncolorbars         &lt;center&gt;&lt;img src="Please Insert your Own Image Holder link here"&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;a href="http://www.livejournal.com/users/suncolorbars/677.html"&gt;Dido is Inspiring Love.&lt;/a&gt;
Kellen and I are dating now. Its quite cute. Will elaborate on it more later.  Still haven't heard form U of O. I don't think I'll get in.  The weekend of the 4th we're getting our tree at my request ^^  Bye bye for now.  -*-elena-*-
i don't wanna bore you all with details, so...  +last night was the best 13-hour first date i've ever had.  +++my girlfriend is very, very good to me and makes me smile a whole lot...she rules. (i'm even gonna change my myspace now...hee)  that is all.  ps...the new daily grind? not good...bleh.
Yes, boys and girls, it's that time of the year again.  The one that celebrates the birth of that beloved individual, me.  Yup, it's my birthday today.  I've got plans, although my plans are: hang out with Tora.  Still that's a plan.  Now, let's examine my life, shall we.  I'm twenty years old, am deeply in love and have a plan for the future.  Well that's better than it was a year ago.
We will be married three months tomorrow and everything is wonderful.  My hubby is the sweetest, most loving husband.  I am truly blessed to have him in my life.
so i've been in a really good mood for 2 days now....at work.  What's going on??  People here are going to think that I actually like my job.
no more disconnections. ever.  until, that is, dsl becomes obsolete.  the world eally does rock. i retract the contradictory statement i made at track practice today.  it was windy. and i was tired. and i didnt deserve that workout. so it just kind of slipped out of my mouth.  everyone on the track team rocks my socks.  as for now.
in the midst of everything - the questions - the decisions - the fog - there pierces a single light of clarity. a rememberence of an old friend, and a new realization of an old&nbsp;prayer answered.&nbsp;
Pomaн ~ Ты - моя судьба.   Я тебя люблю!  Ты нужна мне, и  Ты такая чудесная.  Kaдэн
I dodged the bullet. or i just stood still and the bullet missed me by a lot. that bullet got pwned.  well, im gonna give myself a stranger bye!
who would have thought that going out at midnight to make snow angels could make you incredibley happy? ahh, i have the best of friends here.. :) so happy, even right now.. and the moment has long past that originally brightened my night!  well no classes have been cancelled, i guess i can't get too lucky now can i? that would just be too perfect!
i am feeling great today.. and i am working on getting over you day by day.. minute by minute. in fact, each second that goes by, i find myself able to let you go more and more..
Amber-Do you wanna go to Kingwood with me and Hayley this Saturday night? Just let me know...Luv you girl!!
So hellooo and happy Easter once again :) I've had a fine and lovely Easter and thought I should tell you a little bit about it.
This link is just A.W.E.S.O.M.E, and dedicated to       electricice   &nbsp; who has discovered the world of J.R.R.Tolkien.
Hi :) Feeling much better now, still sad but more angry *plots the end of the evil teacher*. School was great 'cause our PE-teacher had hurt her knee so we didn't have any PE! WOW! YEY! Came home  2 hours  earlier!
Today I realized that I'm too up tight, don't tell me I'm not, cause I am. I worry about everything, and when I say everything, I mean EVERYTHING! Like friends, I'm just going to do my business and I'll pick up friends on the way. So here is my new motto: worrying is just like a rocking chair, it gives you something to do but it doesn't get you anywhere; write that down...
Well today I did absolutely nothing. Well thats not true... I did my homework, for the next week. Oh and I talked with only one friend on line all day and that was fun. And thats about it. THE END. Period. Im done. go home. go... its over, really... go! well if your not then i am... bye!
This week the General Manager and Assistant General Manager are in New Orleans for a convention.  Since those two are (really) the only people who I have to answer to--this will be a better-than-average week!  Also an ÜBER THANX to       djeternaldarkne    for some awesome music!
Just a quick update to say life is good. Duo is home with me where he belongs. Permanatly. It feels so wonderful. I can tell him I love him whenever I want. I love waking up next to him every morning. He's beautiful. And he's all mine.  That's all I have to say. I'm going to go and snuggle with Duo some more.   Trowa
Earlier this evening...Duo...he told me something...I'll never forget.  He said I was it. I was the one for him. That he wanted to spend the rest of his life with me.  It's still sinking in for me, I think.  I mean, I've always thought that about my Duo, but, I never once thought he'd say it to me.   This is an increadible feeling.  Trowa
I spoke to Duo on the phone today and it looks as if everything will be okay. I think he's made the decision to move to the Earth with me. And, he'll be visiting me next week sometime.   Thanks to Relena, Heero and Quatre for all the advice.  -Trowa
i am just happy today...and its really nice...its cause, even with the world caving in around us, knowing i have someone like her in my life just makes me happy, the way it should...and the more the world caves in around us, the closer we become...
So 21 years ago, a friend of the family purchased some whiskey. It's in a novelty bottle in the shape of Pennsylvania. They put it away with a tag that said "do not open till december 6th, 2004" and gave it to me as my secret 1st birthday present. Today, i received that whiskey.
Monday was the best day I've had in a long long time. My classes went by fast, I got to go to the art museum with Kate, then go out drinking with Owen and Deqlan to celebrate and blur my 21st birthday (Thanks!). Today I shake off my headache, go to class, and have dinner with my mom. Good days kick ass.
hey guess what today is.. its my birhtday.. yeah im 14 it kicks ass.. well anwyas im prob taking my boat out tomarrow and or hangin out with some friends.. people u need to tell me if we are or not cause if not i need to know.. so tell me if we are and what we are doing.. i have a game from 3:30 to 6:30..
Today's a random question day. And a very open feelings day. But I like it. 'sall good ^__^  FUK UP  I feel happy. ^^ It's strange.  ~Hime-Chan
Okay, NOW I've got the feeling that spring is finally near. After picking up an old obsession of mine, some W.I.L.-ing, a happy summer song and, of course, nice weather, I feel like going outside instead of staying at the computer all day. And I'm feeling creative too. I think I'll go to K'rade centrum today, I still need to buy some things. If only I had a bike...
yo this is the first time i'm online on my new lap top. its so cool. ya i'm so exited. i finally have a laptop. is there a way to get cat to give her code to roselle so she can have live journal?
I may have gotten screwed out of the only class I really wanted for next quarter.  I need a hug. Two days and  then I'm back in town, though I'll be near LAX for the first three at State for deca. You should all read The Princess Bride, because it's fantastic and I said so.
Yay, Christie. You are awesome for coming to visit me. It made my quarter. See you Spring Break!  (oh, and all you other people should follow her example *nudgenudge*)
the song from the Garden State sound track (New Slang) is like crack, heroin and nicotine, all wrapped in one.  i cant stop listening to it.  -s
http://www.merrychristmasfromjames.com/    56k warning but watch it....and plese comment...esp you jess!
well i did it. i am finally leaving sunnys (the bastards...). talked to john the dm of hto. and all is go. just left my dm a voicemail putting my 2 weeks in....no it gets fun....  -shawn
another day off and nothing to do. ohh i  get to do laundry. wow thats excitement. but i do get to go to tgifridays with my friends/coworkers from work, and on the companies tab. so i guess that wont be so bad. i think me and G re going car shopping today. hopefully we will find something good...well allison i calling so i am gone.  peace out yall S.
well here i am...hopefully i wont live up to my username, but something tells me i will...btw thanks patrick
My V-day chocolate story  here .  :)  Didn't make front page tho, and rightly so due to some breaking news (USC student killed in a hit-and-run).  Oh well, I'm gonna grab like 5 copies of the DT tomorrow and save as clips.  My next story will be equally fun---eating with class around L.A. on a budget.  (Think Rachel Ray's $40 a Day)  ;)
modification: only TWO girls cuz alison can't go  : (   : (     : (! dammit. she's sitting right here btw. my hair is straight. woot. practice was hard. i don't like ims anymore. talked to louisa today! like my new background???? I DO!!!! cya all in like two days. it's still spring break yay!
I'm getting a cell phone.  hahahaha  ATT/Cingular, so it will be free to talk to others on the same carrier.  Free nights and weekends.  The problem is that between me, my mom, my step-dad, and my uncle we only have 850 minutes.  I am going to ask my mom to change the nite time from 9pm to 7pm... it only costs $8 and I can answer the phone sooner.  Girls... who else is on ATT/Cingular?
You show me a girl 17-19 years old whose parents are divorced/separated, and I'll show you a girl whose having sex. Thank the Lord for broken homes and youth trauma.
Have those of you who have rented houses/flats in the past ever gottten the deposit back?  I am asking this due to the fact out deposit was £300 quid ADN there are some minro wear and tear things around this place.  And secondly we have NO furniture just the bed and sofa that came with the flat so i am thinking of saying "yoink" screw the deposit i want a bed!  *peace*   Carter
Well, this is going to be another short post because I should be going to bed. ^_~  Today was good, I got cool gifts, my family went over to my uncle's house today.  I intend to write a longer entry tomorrow.  Life is good. ^_^
Taking Back Sunday is coming to my school with Jimmy Eat World! And they are playing a concert for us students! They're not my favorite bands or anything but I do like TBS! :D Also, it's a free concert for us students!! Date: around April 30th
i saw that hot punk kid with his lip pierced again today! he is fucken sexy! lip rings on certain guys are fucken sexy! haha...anyways...my roomate threw up today and has a cold...and i really really hope that i don't get sick!!!!....hmm....hehe.......ok i'm done talking now..........hehe
omg im in math and i somehow got ben over here, he was helping me and he was standing right next to me leaning right over me. it was all i could do not to kiss him. well i g2g.  ps jenny is cracking up
&nbsp;tear my heart open, I sow myself shut  My weakness is that I&nbsp; care too much&nbsp;  My scars remind me that the past is real  I&nbsp; tear my heart open just to&nbsp; feel
I was on my way to skool this morning and the roads looked wet. I thought that was no big deal but i managed to 180 in the road....90 of it happened by accident but the other 90 was my fault. No problems. It was kinda fun. Also, i went and got my hand x-rayed. fortunatly it is not borken but now i have to wear a brace on it for a week or so....
Christopher is wonderful.  He called like he said he would.  I can't stop smiling.  Life is beautiful.  I love the everyone. I am *so* full of love right now- I want this feeing to last & last.  I wish this feeling on everyone :o) It's getting late.  I need a warm bath & some cocoa.  Then imma call Christopher to tell him goodnight :o)
Alas....it is Friday! :o) Tonight I'm doing my fav thing....shopping!  Hooray!  There are a couple new cd's I need.  Yes....NEED!  I need a new pair of pants to match a sweater I bought last week.  New shades would be cool too.  Ok....off to shop I go! *smiles*
today was my first day back to school. it was awesome. it's so cool cuz i got a lot of cool people in my classes. by the way...Dez you look so good!!! but it's fun. um...other things that are going on? nothing really. we've got the new surf team and all. kinda talking to a few people about joining it. um..that's it for today cuz i'm tired. peace
"Wow, in my 30 years of reviewing Boston theatre I have never before seen an audience get to their feet so fast." - press critic commenting on the instantaneous, thunderous, sold out house standing ovation at the end of tonight's opening performance of my show.  Damn straight.
I am Graduating tonight!  This is going to feel so damn good.        On other news, I love Caitlin.  Yeah, like you didn't know.   Other than that, just talk to me if you want something.  Love, Jesse
omg I figered it out sooo the first person to figer it out winnsss................................. ........................................ ........................................ ........................................ ........................................ ............................well nothing but my loyal friend ship!!!   lol
mmmh mmmmh mmmmh,  isn't it the best song title ever? XD i love people's face when they ask me what i'm listening !!!
Hmmm, I haven't updated here in a while. Well...now I have a myspace. I'll post the link next time I update. What's new?:  I went to see MSI, that was soooooo awesome. I'll never ever forget it.  I've got a myspace (obviously) My computer is broken -_- I have pink hair Ummmmmm and that's about it.  I hope everyone is doing well!! ^_^
SO Frip refuses to talk to me. other than that things are ok. havent updated in a while dont really feel like doing it now either  JENNY I MISS YOU!!!!!
can we just forget everything i have ever said negative??? tonight was beautiful.... thank you el for making me go out i owe you.....       YAY
I am in a good mood today.  I just got good news about choir and i guess i am just happy because people have been talking to me lately that normally dont.   So good things are going for me right now...hooray!  Beer!  I hope im not allergic
ok, im bak today just to say MICHIGAN STATE RULES! 78-68 win over Duke. Guff, u own me $5. We're playin either Kentucky or Utah Sunday, and if we win sunday, final four here we come!
I can't believe I broke my foot.  It's still a little tender.  Madam Pomfrey told me it could be another few days before that completely goes away.  Frank... Thank you SO much.  I really appreciate all you did to help me.  I got you a little something as a way to say 'thanks'.  Meet me in the Great Hall after breakfast?  James... Have I told you 'I love you' today?
&nbsp;Awww, The weather today is just... Great !&nbsp; i really wish i could spend the day out, but yeah.. gotta stay at the office untill 6 today :(
so i was having lunch at the CMU's dinning room with Carissa and eeeeh :P i'm bad at remembering names lol, but i'll say grek :P anyway.. i open my coke and guess what... I WON !!!
Happy Birthday Kelli!  Glad you've had a great day.  Love ya, hon.  Wish I could give ya more today.  Take care.  *hugs*
I just got a friend request from Nick Skolnick!  I thought he was dead!  It is so awesome that myspace is reconnecting me to all my old college friends.  yay!  What the heck did I do before the Internet?
I was going to stop using this LJ, but then I realized that all of my wonderful friends only know me by this journal.   Things are going well for me at the moment. It is the end of the semester so I have been pretty busy.  Here are some random pictures that make me smile. Feel free to comment.     The most awesome suitemates EVER! &lt;3                more to come soon.
YES!  By some grace of god (or satan?) it has been delivered unto me--- the final piece of my little brother's birthday cake!!! mmmm.... now some might say that it is too old to be edible but i disagree. it tastes pretty damn good.
this summer i want: (in no particular order)    1. to have fun.  2. get a big fat paycheck from my job.  3. maybe a little summer romance&lt;2  4. learn how to surf again  5. have an amazing time at the jack johnson concert!!!!
I just found out (while reading his blog) that       muskrat_john   , the guy who does the comic  Dork Tower , also did most (if not all; I'm not sure) of the humorous little descriptions at the bottom of the  Apples to Apples
I've got this afternoon off so I am just about done with work!  Got plans to play munchkin with  ,   and our chaps tonight.  That and some vodka to destroy which will be fun.    Tomorrow night will be WendyHouse so some peeps are coming over for some drinks (more vodka...) beforehand.  I just hope my poorly liver will cope.
o.0;; Ok, I'm in a happy mood whenever I think of this! Yesterday... (sunday) I got: *drums* A set of katana's!!!! And on top of that, my parents told me if I got some better grades I was allowed to follow a course Japanese!!! I'm off to study now... *grins* I just have to get a course on Japanese!!!!
There is an   amazing   bookshop in Morecambe. It's, like, wall-to-wall, floor-to-ceiling, second-hand books. Most priced betwee £2 and £3, inclusive. Amazing range - shame is that it's mostly not sorted.  Called Pier Books, apparently (as I learned later), and it's on the seafront at Morecambe. Anyone nearby  has  to give it a try (if they like books).
yeah well i got a job today as a hostess/waitress/cleaning tables sometimes at the twisted conch on 47th terr. i start saturday at 3! come and visit a kid at work  xo  ash
I have been a bookworm lately, all the books I have been reading lately have been making me cry. Everyone must read "Serving Crazy with Curry." It's a book about (surprise!) Indian people. It's a fantastic book. a tearjerker at the end, but fantastic nonetheless. I think I'll go to Amazon.com and look for my next endeavor.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHIZZY!     HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHIDZ!     H A P P Y B I R T H D A Y C H I D Z L O O F !      H  A  P  P  Y      B  I  R  T  H  D  A  Y      C  H  I  D  Z      T  R  I  P  P  !              Ciedraloof, I hope you have a very wonderful and squeegy birfdae. Eat many presents and open lots of cakes. ~hugglompsnuggle~ Loof you moochly! ~Melk
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!   Today, I was informed that we would be going outside for recess every day unless it is pouring rain or  below 25 degrees fahrenheit. Hmm. I believe I shall be cold.  OOH! Guess what? IT IS SNOWING! SNOW SNOW SNOW! Yes. Really. Small white flakes are falling from the sky in Missouri.  Do not open a bag of Tiny Tarts by squeezing it until it bursts. ~nods~
The increase in the number of American cultural references that I now get is scary,  I think I quite like New York.
Emmy's back! I went to the gully and she was there and I gave her my Secret of the Unicorn Queen books and she's not mad at me or anything! I'm so relieved! It would've been awful if she hadn't forgiven me, just awful.  I got a new icon! It's a fat bat!
That MIDI jack works a treat! Its way fun to use. I had some problems installing it though, because theres about 10 different variations of the driver for it, as well as a lot of different software on the cd, which explains why it was so expensive. I'll get to sort through it all later.
I'm an auntie again.  My sister gave birth to a little girl, Autumn Marie Rose, on January 22nd at 6:36 pm.  She weighs 8 pounds 1 ounce and is 19 inches long.  She's also got a ton of dark hair.  And she's the cutest little thing.
Alright, I just have to say this.  LANI IS TOO DAMN HOT FOR HER OWN GOOD!  Who would've thought that Lani and I have so much in common, and that we're just a perfect match.  She only lives down the hall from me...*chuckles*
VICTORY!!!!  なんちて　な　  らららららら　らららららららら　ららら らららららら  らららららら　らららららららら　ららら らららららら!  And with that, I'm off to bed.  ^_^v
yay first icon post! for now i think i would focus on getting a pretty layout and everything for this and posting my previously made icons before making new ones.  now onto the icons!   Preview:   .       . . . . . . .     +// comment [don't ask, tell] +// critique +// share +// credit is appreciated +// linking is worshipped   --&gt;Christine&lt;--       platinumsmiles
Many snugs and hugs go out to       colifox    and       ysengrin   , I hope that both of you have a wonderful day.
I'd just like to wish       cameronwolfe    a very happy birthday! *slides him a cupcake with a single birthday candle on it* Make a wish wolfy and I hope you had a great day *hugs ya tightly*
Just like to wish a very happy birthday to       berin    and       tyber_de    *hugs you both tightly and places party hats on your heads* Hope you two have a wonderful birthday. :)
I just saw Return of The King tonight, all I can say is it was so awesome. Though I cried a lot while watching it (first person to make fun of me is going to get beaten up ;)), I highly reccommend that everyone go see it.  Oh and thanks to       kage_matsuri    for sending me "Into The West", it's a very beautiful song, perfect for the ending of the Return of The King.
The new copy of Ad-Aware picked up 168 items and got rid of them. After re-adding the internet connection info it works again!  Case closed, problem solved.
Today I made a new friend and accepted new people onto my community on greatestjournal.com. I am having happy time right now:)The first time in years, for actual happy time. Peace of mind is wonderful. I am still waiting to hear if I made it or not, but I wont push it. I will be as patient as possible. :)  much love to all of you, Amber
Oh gods... a recent variation on the classic Zero Wing parody that actually made me laugh to tears when I saw it. o_o Just goes to show anything is possible.   http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/2 22458   In other news, life continues normally. Posts are posted up *hint hint*. That sort of thing.
My entire house is super clean now, and i've just spent an hour trying to get rod of grime off my windows. Makes me wonder if the entire point of Raya celebrations is to show off your "clean" home..  Oh well, tomorrow's Hari Raya!!! Can't wait to eat super a lot of food (not forgeting of course the sprititual significance of the day itself)! =)
With a click of my mouse, I have just turned in my last final. Goodbye freshman year, hello four and a half months of blissful Jersey fun.
I've started listening to a new band.. They are called Blind Guardian, if you don't like metal don't listen to them though.  JSUT IN CAESE ANYOEN CAERS!
ehh fuckin' w00t. i did nothing this weekend.  new semester = new gay classes.  hr. 1 = Debate Hr. 2 = Algebra I Hr. 3 = Traffic Safety Ed. Hr. 4 = Government  I'm pretty sure thats how it goes.. But nobody cares, so I don't know why I posted that.
hello.  my name is wayne. Wayne "The Brain" McClaine. And I totally rule at bar trivia. I totally own the Backstreet Boyz at bar trivia.
end of semester today. which means no school tomorrow (friday)  no more science, english, or french.  double you zero zero tee exclamation point exclamationpoint exclamation point one one
How do I describe broadway?  The MOMA? Chinatown, everything in New York?  FUCKING AMAZING.   OH my holy crap.
Terra Novvvva..I have achieved an advanced in the english, and basic (two away from advanced, which is...BAD) in math. I'm okay.  I'm okay.  I'm lame because I got teary eyed at the fact that I got basic.  Damn.  School's good.  People are good.
Oh, the snow.  How I love the snow.  I had orange juice.  I love orange juice.  I am so happy I have orange juice.
for some reason, i had the odd feeling i hadn't updated this in a while upon checking, i've updated like 8 times since monday new pictars!  Cold Sunny Day   aaaaaaaaaaand   View From the Quabbin Summit
These are the pictures that Caitlin took the night I tried to eat string cheese with the wraper still on, I am such a retard.   http://share.shutterfly.com/osi.jsp?i=E eAMmTNq2cuWrnQ
The Used is coming!!! With Senses Fail Underoath Saosin My Chemical Romance! Yeah Taste of Chaos Tour!!! I am soooo pumped!!!  and even better  FALL OUT BOY IS COMING!!! AHHHHH!!! hahaha. dork.
Now I know.....You have told people what you swore to keep to yourself.......Otherwise they wouldn't make scarcastic comments like they do....Do you know how ashsamed I am of that time, and you told people like it's no big deal...Well it is too me, thanks for nothing.
i was really sad a couple days ago but i'm all better now :D  Kawaii 'n Jess are both alive!  XDDDDDD  n stuff.  &gt;&gt; i ish being taken over by dub anzu friendship speeches. ain't gonna say nothing though x.x 'cause i dun want to be dub anzu.  *dances*
look at this awesome icon that Kirsty made me! :D *huggles Kirsty*  i &lt;3 my icon.  oh yeah and I'm gonna take the quiz thing that Jess and GK made, and that other one that everyone else is taking, but I don't got time right now so I'll do it later 'kay?  ._.
EDIT: sorry, i made an error, i sayed there were looking for her, i meant there were looking for someone, :)
*Loki and David are both cold from the outside, but are quickly warming each other up with the constant touching and kissing. They finally reach the inside of Loki's room*  I'm gonna make a fire.
Had a busy busy week while we've all been off school :&nbsp;) really can't be fucked going back though
"She" has finally ended it.  She can not handle the truth, and would prefer to wallow in her own little world.  So be it.  We are rid of her, and the pain she has inflicted.
I had a good day today :) and that's all I'm going to say :) take a guess if you're curious, you're probably right.
When inspiration strikes, it really strikes hard!  Artist's Ring  is back open!! After more than a year, probably 2. I had to delete over 100 sites because they were no longer online. There's only 33 sites left now, and even they mostly didn't have the ring code still on, but I let it slide.   Please  join  and help it grow again :)
hi im ally happy it's so funi my sis has this 3 total geeks ova teehee they r discussing car racing ps games and if u brake at the right tim the velocity and blah blah ...hehe makes me laugh..they seem kewl thou ...... happy :&gt; lol oo geeks r funi :&gt;
i'm back just in case you were wondering... not sure if you were.   but in short virginia SUCKED.  i'll write about it.. POSSIBLY... later.   i have some mighty good stories.  you wanna hear them first hand IM me or call me.
Goin to one of my new favorite places with my bestest bud, Valerie. I hope Bill can meet us there... I want to kiss him again. :X
Hey ppl,    It was really funny at school we had this dance and everybody was like dancing and it was really funny ad yea...and they had ice cream and yea it was cool...I already miss ppl have a good SPRING BREAK...omg this guy i like he doesn't have a gf anymore and im really happy!  yay! thats all, peace out
So, I've just had the most amazing class.  In Creative Writing, we decided to go outside, and it was so much fun.  We went to this big concrete circle by the car lot, and, after wondering what it use to be, we all just sat around, watching Everett, Jamie, and Nicky play around, and then I took a nap.  It was wonderful.  I'm so excited about prom.  I just hope it turns out good.  24 days!
lololololololol! looky........Ryu17Akuma: sis and smurfy lala la la Ryu17Akuma: sis and smurfy....kissing and hugging and ::couf couf:: bumping and grinding ::runs and hides::  Black18Dragon: ::opens closest:: woooo yeahhhh::closes it and walks away:: me think i found sis and smurfy  this is on sises profile.
Amazing day today to top off an amazing night last night to top off an amazing weekend away from home...  Who says Spring Break can't be fun if you're not in the Bahamas?
Saw PoA yesterday.  Won't post anything spoilery, cept to say that I nearly squeeed and yelped my head off when they first cut to the Leaky Cauldron.  There, sitting right in the front of the shot, was the  lead singer of my all time favourite band.   I'm sure I'm the only one in the cinema who spotted him.  Very cool.  Very jealous that Dan Radcliffe no doubt got to meet him.
Meme, nicked from       marzipan1642    post a memory of me. it can be anything you want, just so long as it happened.  then post this to your journal. see what people remember about you.
Went to the beach for laurens bday fun times. thanks for invitin me! happy 16th hope all ur birthday wishes come true. I luv lauren lol so does wolf
Firefox.  And it has a working pop-up blocker.  I think I'm going to cry from joy.        desdenova   , you were right.  I   should   have switched to OS X years ago.  It's just that it was so slooooowwww on that computer.
Happy 5 Year Anniversary MCOP!  Just think.. this time next year I will only be a few months away from being Mrs. Orange Pubes! :P  Seriously though, I can't imagine my life without you. ;D
Dopo la visione dell'episodio 18 di Gankutsuou avevo bisogno di un po' di fluff per riprendermi dall'angst.. e       kira_y    mi ha scritto  questa puccissima  Franz x Albert   ** Per chi sa leggere l'italiano.. XD E' una semplice PG e non ci sono spoiler per la serie visto che è ambientata prima dell'inizio.. in un periodo imprecisato XD Anch'io voglio un'icona Franz x Albert, cmq.. çç
*squee*  Yesterday       dungeons_master    gave me this wonderful present:        It's too  CUTE  for words! &gt;&lt;   ThanksThanksThanksThanksThanks!
Just back from the Pig & Whistle where we played a couple of rounds of trivia under the team name "Me and the Mrs.", shared a cornish pasty and a bowl of curry fries, and Andy drank 3 pints.  He is now walking the dogs after we had an argument about whether or not he could take one of our cats for a walk on a leash. I won and the cat is still inside. I love him. I love this city.
I don't think I could be happier right now I'm listening to Dave Matthews acoustic live and eating a veggie sausage patty I am the most calm right now.
i'm home i'm so happy. i hated it there the grandmother was so disrestful. he was nice to veryone but me it was like i always did something wrong, when i didn't so it's so good to be home.
This week went by like a slug. Very dull and slow, and a times, sticky. RED VS. BLUE!!!!!   THIS IS GOOD SHIT! obviosly i am still bored and unemployed.    sooo... if you ahve anything to say, SAY SOMETHING, NOW!              GET TO THE CHOPPER!!
Today, i have to figure out how to do sprite animations, and all on my own, with the little software i have. Other than that, I need to do the HTML work for RPGClassics (www.rpgclassics.com)    hmmmmm......... "press any key to continue", but where is the "any" key?
Before it grows to late I'd like to celebrate 311 day. Woo hoo! Thank goodness for this fusion of rock and reggae and hip hop. It's like little soundbites of happiness.
Tom and I are now the proud owners of a 2 1/2 month old burmese kitten.  I've been trying to think of a good name for our little girl, but I'm having a hard time with that. Any suggestions would be appreciated. Thanks and I hope you all can meet her. I'll try to put up some pictures later.
Abigail (Abbey) Road McDougal. man, i have never heard of a non show dog named something like that. but thats what our new puppy is named, and she is so cute. 6 weeks old, and fits in my dads shoe. sorry about this sappy post, im just excited. have a good day/weekend/afternoon....whatever. 3 days
You should be dating a Pisces. 19 February - 20 March Your mate is loving and caring, trusting and hospitable, and romantic.  Though he/she can be self-pitying, temperamental or dependent, the fishes are quite romantic in bed.      What Zodiac Sign Are You Attracted To?     brought to you by  Quizilla
Taste of Chaos was more than I would have expected.  I love My Chemical Romance.  Bert and Gerard kissed.  Christine and I made fun fact cards on the way there.  It rained.  I stayed with Mike last night, I think I am falling in love.
Alright so..   http://216.253.174.227:6512   R-Jet Tek Radio Lives On!  ¿Por qué?  Because I fucking said so that's why.  ;-) Music = Sanity Therefore...  I'm sane.  And $20 Headphones to keep me from quitting my job, and having this place go down the drain.. I figured..   Was a very wise move on their behalves.  Up in 30 min.
I got an Edirol PCR-50 USB Keyboard controller. Basically its a MIDI controller that hooks into the USB port. IT has 49 keys, 8 faders, 8 knobs, some push buttons, etc, etc. This thing rocks. Its exactly what I needed. I have been playing around with it tonight and have I have made some pretty cool shit. I'm definately happy right now.
I forgot to mention it here, but I finaly finished the update to my site! Well, there are still a few things 'coming soon', but it's up and running. Hope fully it'll be a bit easier to&nbsp; keep up to date now.
The roads are no longer safe.  I got my licence!  YAAAAAY!!! AND last night I went to Stomp and all I can say is WOW.  That was incredible.  and funny, some parts I was crying I was laughing so hard  Quote of the day "Happy Maunday Thursday y'all" -me
I am an aunt again.  Michael and Jackie had a 8 lb baby boy named John Ryan (aka Jack) about 11:10 last night.  So far he looks  like his older brother.  Family is doing well.  I fly back Sunday and get to see them Tuesday. YAY! :)  So now their little family is Michael, Jacki, Michael and Jack.  Hmmmmm.....  ....at least that leaves ME to have the GIRL! Heheheh.
I'm really fucking happy right now! Everything is perfect and wonderful,albeit stressful but beautiful nonetheless. I love my boy, I love my housemates, I love my life! woooo! In a few days I'll be posting a picture of myself....
Just finished watching Chocolat, and I'm all girlish. God... he is so hot. Man... I want him.... Haha.
So they have started announcing 10,000 Lakes fest.  So far WSP and Trey!!!  And tickets are pretty reasonable $110!!  Not bad at all.
Today is my 6 month anniversary.  I'm very happy that we been together for 6 month.... I Love You Sebastian  I Love Sebastian, I Love Sebastian                            &lt;3I Love Sebastian
I just want to said Happy Valentine's Day to everybody.... I want to said a special Happy Valentine's Day to my Baby Sebastian I love you very much.   I  Love Seby, I Love Seby, I Love Seby.                                     &lt;3I Love Sebastian
I can't wait for Valentine's day becasuse Its my first Valentine's day  with Sebastian.  I'm very happy.  I hope he take me some where special.  I just can't wait to spend time with Sebastian on Valentine's day.  I Love Seby alot.  I Love Seby, I Love Seby, I Love Seby, I Love Seby, I Love Seby, I Love Seby, I Love Seby.                                           &lt;3I Love Seby
This weekend was so bored.  I didn't do anything but hang out with Paola and Mike on saturday.  On Friday went to the mall with michelle.  Seby was hanging out with his boy from Florida.  I really miss seby alot.  He make me happy and I like been with him.  I love Seby alot.                       &lt;3I LOVE SEBY&lt;3  and I LOVE KISSING HIM.
Starting monday i have a week off from school. i am so happy for that. i have no idea what i'm doing but i might just go to the city in the middle of the week to buy my books. i'm also going job hunting too.
Today Seby went to my house.  I gave me a pink rose.  I was superise that he brought me a rose.  Thanks Seby for the rose and I love the rose alot.  I can see myseft with Seby in the furturn.  I really ilke he alot.  When I see him, he make me happy and I lookward to see.  I just love Seby.
Thank you for the few quick response's i got about my beloved Spike! Spencer will be taking him on saturday.  Is anyone going to TG on the 22nd? x
It's so nice to be bald again!  I understand some people love their hair, but I fully recommend shaving it all off to anyone who thinks their head might be a good shape for it.  That's how I started and it's been over 5 years now since I've had hair!  Thanks, Meg, for forcing me to shave it again this week!
To my legion of 1 loyal fan!  I leave the country in a few days. But I`m currently in the one place I want to be. With you at your house with u on a dance mat.  I`m going to try and stop you reading this until I leave. I just want to say I love you and I`m going to miss you. And take care of Snowy.   Love moose
In Practicum today Steven put me to work cleaning out the prop closet thingy.  Man that place was/is a mess.  It looks better now.  I cut myself on something in there and now I'm thinking I should go get a tetnis shot.... (Yeah, I don't know how to spell tetnis or tetnus)  :-)   It's starting to rain.
YAY!!! I finally fixed my Live Journal!!! It looks so goo now..................................... ......and yes Kris I we're going to pretend that the song quote ISN'T messed up, lol, I actually made my icon ALL BY MYSELF!!!!                                         xoxox
wow- today was a great day! i got a gnormous card from nicole and then i got a rose from joren! lol! but nicole got 12! lol- just kiddin- love ya jor! then i had a practice and i haven't been there in awhile- so that was a little slap in the face! lol! and now i'm watching friends with my family and i'm about to take a shower! lol!   sorry about your valentines day tabitha
Amazingly happy=me.  Like you have no idea. Track meet tomorrow.  My 4x800 team shall kick butt.  I think I'm doing 4 running events though.  Thats 2 and a quarter miles worth of full out sprinting.  I'm gonna die.  But it'll be fun.  I'm excited, which is crazy.
Some pics of the baby and his daddy -          Even though we NEED to return some videos, and I am desparate for a coffee, I wouldn't interrupt this for anything in the world.!
Waiting for the break of day Searching for something to say Flashing lights against the sky Giving up I close my eyes  Sitting cross leg on the floor 25 or 6 to 4  Staring blindly into space Getting up to splash my face Wanting just to stay away Wondering how much I can take  Should I try to do some MORE 25 or 6 to 4
XianghuaALPHA:  http://www.foundrynet.com/about/partner s/fortified/partnersCoLo.html  XianghuaALPHA:  http://order.1and1.com/xml/order/Se rver;jsessionid=A2E8FB64F038FD76B782B259 FF57F19F.TC61a?ac=OM.US.US430K02113T1776 a   61ACE3   remember that now!
I want to change my picture to Tots. Did a fast google image search on them. What did I get?   Farkin' Pikachu TOTS!!
lalalalala  family academy was aweseome....def poets rock....i really wanna get back into writing so maybe i can start reciting some....they said we might have a school reading and that would rock my socks
wow, is anyone watching the O's game on UPN right now?  O's gave up 3 runs in the top of the fourth  in the bottom, they had two outs and proceded to get 6 runs to take the lead from the yankee's  go o's!
Happy Chinese New Year everyone!!!!! hehe.. gd mood today.. cos a bunch of pple in class finally decided to email Dr Ali to ask her to cancel lecture later.. haiz.. dat day ask nobody wana raise up their hands.. make mi upset for the whole weekend.. sigh.. haha.. but at least now there's no lecture.. can stay home n haf a gd dinner with my family.. yay!!
:) I just realized my essay has to be 1000 words, not 1500 :) YAY! I'm already on 680 and i don't have an intro or conclusion (and haven't really finished the paragraph i started)....ohh! Everything's coming up Milhouse!!
everything is looking up!  i found my ID!  doug CAN move, cheap rent WOOHOOO!  im going home soon!!  um thats about it , but it felt like more. xox
Well I went out again with Marcelo, Louise and Karolina. I was weird, really. I was laughing all the time. I don't even know why. And they were looking at me like I was crazy, I guess I was a little bit haha :)
YaY i got my letter in the mail and my homeroom is # 55 i have no clue where that is but thats ok lol i'm in 11th grade and don't know where classrooms are how dumb am i (don't answer that)
THE FUNK HAS LIFTED...  i was in a seriously weird "i wanna go home" mood yesterday...  so i did 1130 out of 1500 words of my lab report and now i am allll HAPPY HAPPY JOY JOY  weee hoooo  plus i cannot wait till the CO & CA gig theres a poster for it and everything o.0 :D   "burn your wings"
That's right folks. It's the time of year where Jen is at her happiest. The time of year when the weather starts to change and one of the greatest things ever is in abundance. No, not candy...
So, Christmas finally came to the Corwin house!  Yep.... on 1/7/2005 santa finally got his fat butt over here and delivered the goods.  The Coyotes that live in my graveyard almost got him, but he used his dark elfin magic and was fine.  Also, Usopp learned how to love.  ....biggest lie I ever told...
I'm here!  I'm alive!  Good things have happened in my life and when I have it all sorted out in my mind I'll write about it.  Hi friends, I hope you had a good weekend!
New years was blah because I was sick.  Me and Becca brought Adrienne cake after dance tonite and we ate it on her floor and reunited.   It was very YaYa Sisterhoodish.  FINALS next week.
I went to Disneyland with Corey, James, and his girlfriend, Sinead. I did this all day: smiled, laughed, kissed, held his hand, hugged, danced, blushed, and more.  I like Disneyland and I like him.  =)
computational biology project done! experiments, writeup and slides.  standing in my way until thursday: 1 20 minute presentation  and 1 final exam.
That is all for now, cause Johns already bitching about everything I wrote.....pryor(i def know i spelt that wrong) to this.  He feels compelled to read everything......lol......So since I know he will be reading this tom......JOHNS A DOUCHE!
The nearest supermarket now carries frozen Empire Kosher chickens.  Slightly pricey, but beats 2 hr roundtrip shopping via T bus.
hell yeah. tonight Dallas, Monica, Chris, Jason, Andy, and lots of other peeple are comin over for my party. w0ot w0ot. it's gonna be fun. so anyway that's all i wanted to say I guess. later.
his name is merlin, and he's a black and grey roan...  russian blue and manx mix...  he's my precious!
because I'm thinking about it now...  Tomorrow afternoon I'm leaving the PLU campus to go to Shoreline, then on Friday afternoon/evening I will be on a train to Montana for the weekend. I'll be back on campus Tuesday afternoon. Hope everyone has a good weekend (I know this is a little early to say, but oh well...)!  :) :)
We've had a lot of fun -- playing games, making lunch together, playing outside in the backyard with the dog, washing the car, reading a great story and more.  This is the way to start a new year. :o)  I feel like a good mom today. :oD
does anybody know someone who wants to buy a car? i'm selling my white 96 chrysler sebring convertible. it's got 119K miles on it and in good condition. i'm asking for $4800 obo. if anyone knows someone who would like it, give me a call and we'll talk out the details.
YAY FOR NICE WEATHER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   on weather.com it said that it was 77 out today...but i dont believe that, id say more like 70. tomorrows supposed to me warm too.
i dont really have anything interesting to update about but i really wanted to update for some reason...so ill talk about my dream lastnight...
The rough edit of  The Idiocy Vice  is almost ready. It currently runs for 124 mins, a figure which is definitely gonna have to come down. I've put a couple of shots from the film up on the front page of the  website . Apart from that, not much else to report!
Saw "A Series of Unfortunate Events" liked very much, it was a good movie. I'm sorta tempted to read the books. Speaking of books the new Anita Blake was on sale so i bought while i was in Boston, so happy. i thought i had to wait till it came ut on paperback cuz hardcovers are expensive, i love after x-mas sales.
just to let people who look at my journal know why i haven't updated in a while....    that's right so if you wanna read my entries you gotta be on my friends list!
I think I'm going to like Thursdays.  I get to sleep in until 11:30, have 3 classes back to back that I like (Japanese, pop culture, and music 222), and don't have to work.  This makes me happy =)
Spring Break officially starts tomorrow!  (no offense to trevor and mike) lol &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3  ~SUMMERLAND WAS AWESOME~  A*W*E*S*O*M*E
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RACHEL!!!!!!      Now everyone else, go and wish my bestest a super happy 16th birthday cuz I said so!
i`m going snow tubing tomorrow! :D  9 more days until my birthday...  though i`ll probably have to work.  10 more days until i`m done my last final exam.  15 more days until christmas!  21 more days until new year's eve!
yay!!!!!!!!  snow days make me happy, especially when i haven't done my homework.  anyway, i'm stuck at home babysitting the siblings til 2:30, then i prolly need andare alla casa di sarah e lavoro sulla progetta per italiano. which makes me sad.
HEY GUYS.... TODAYS MY BIRTHDAY...... YEEEEEEEA BABY ~~~ IM FINALLY 21. OH YEA....... WELL, IM OFF TO WORK.... LOVE YOU GUYS. ~ CHRISTI ~
Yesssssss!!!!! it is finally spring break. the bad thing is i only have 1 day where i can be lazy and that is tomorrow! well what is everyone else doing for break???   i &lt;3 maroon 5!!!!
It is 6:00 am and I have been surfing for an hour now.....Up shot is I got The Dark Crystal in yesterday. The FULL film score is astoundingly beautiful!
Current Obsession: Fullmetal Alchemist Approximated Recovery Time: Anywhere from a week to never. Current Most Often Said Quote: "NO, I DO NOT WANT TO FORMAT THE DAMN FLOPPY!!!!" Current Annoyance: My spine hurts. o_O Last Song Listened To: Franz Ferdinand - "Take Me Out" Last Show Watched: Fullmetal Alchemist &lt;&lt;; Current Thought: 'Why the hell am I doing this?'  Later.
Please post a comment with a memory you have of me. It can be anything you want. It can be good or bad, just so long as it happened. Then post this to your journal and see what people remember about you...   And if you comment, I'll comment back with a treasured memory of you! ---------------------------------------- --------------------------------
It's my motherfuckin birfday!!!!! If you aren't at Posse tonight at 10 (and you're in Austin), then you are no longer my friend. I hate you, but all of you that are there for my birthday, you are my true friends and I love you. You guys are badass.  EDIT: I would like for everyone to know that I don't remember posting this cause I was way too drunk. What a way to ring in my birthday!!!
well today was absolutely lovely. i walked around town. hung out with lael. came home. hung out with tyler. i had sucha  great time. we just chilled and talked. it was fun. Now i am making plans for tonight.i guess we'll see if tonight will be great too..  &lt;3&lt;3
" Yo, you tell your brother that i'm gunna bring my homiz down to yo house and kick him and micah's ass. two on two bitches."    hahahahahhhahaahahahahaa  ooooooooooooooookkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk  ps.HE'S WHITE.
&lt;table width=400 align=center border=1 bordercolor=black cellspacing=0 cellpadding=2&gt; &lt;tr&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#66CCFF align=center&gt; &lt;font face="Georgia, Times New Roman, Times, serif" style='color:black; font-size: 14pt;'&gt; &lt;b&gt;Your Love Style is Storge&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#FFFFFF&gt;
christina bittar: "luci, you are SO dishev"  julia burke: "it smells like hanukkah...can you smell it?"  miranda hall: "it'll match my lei...give me a break."  me: "where the heck do you live anyway?" catherine murphy: "i live amongst the cows."
I'm playing in the snow and i can barely type. It cold like a son of a bitch!! type later, snow in 17 years, so cooool!!!!!
Dr Johnson once said " when a man grows tired of London, he grows tired of life , for London shows all that life has to offer".  Edit 16.30 : A month ago, at 16.30 in the afternoon, it was pitch dark. Now the sun is shining, feels like spring! 15 degrees *yay*
so it seems i lied,  i baut  2 new things for my truck. an alpine cd player  and a dvd player.  that should be it tho, ok maybe the xm and the subs but.    me shawn alma and krista went to see hide and seek tonight it was ok, not that freat but not bad, got the cd player installed. and i washed all the salt of.  i think i might go riding tomorow if it is warm i think it is suposed to be.
About the 5th attempt at writing this post.   You know that thing you're thinking about maybe doing, but feel a bit nervous? Yeah,  that  one.   Do it . Not "yes, i'll do that", but do it   now  . Get off LiveJournal, pick up the phone or walk to them and say what you need to say.  The X is in the corner. Success awaits.
WHOO HOO! well Today I got American Hi-Fi's CD. Right now I am Ripping them into Mp3 files.Today I had to go with my Mom to see if the CD was cheaper on base.(Mah Dad is in the Marines) And they did not have it. CURSE j00! GOOBYE! remember  AudioGrabber  is teh  BEST!
ummmm.... what's new with me that i haven't written about.....???  ummm.... i got a car... i have a new friend!!! her name is Jillian. she's cool. yeah...me and tiff arent friends anymore...(she's a BITCH!) hahahaha. AnYwAyS. i go hang out with freddy everyday during lunch. it's fun!
hey ya'll...not much going on..i'm so ready for school to be over and for spring break to come...spring fling was alot of fun! i'll have to put some pictures on here when i can get them!   *Rebecca, Daniel, SK, Jonathan, Matthew, MK, Aaron, and Katie, i had so much fun with ya'll!! dinner was great i love you all so much*  I hope everyone had a good weekend!   adios
hey everyone..my computer is still down so i have to update at school...everything is going very well...friday was SO GREAT! :) nothing really exciting is going on except school. kickball today in PE was absolutely hilarious!! wow that was fun anyways, i'm gone, nothing else really to say! i love all of my friends! ya'll are great!  PS: i get my cell back tomorrow! yay!! call me whenever :)
This is kind of weird but kind of interesting...    Umberto Eco: The Name of the Rose. You are a mystery novel dealing with theology, especially with catholic vs liberal issues. You search wisdom and knowledge endlessly, feeling that learning is essential in life.      Which literature classic are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla    Happy New Year's Eve!!!
It's Christmas!!! yay!! i'm so happy that Alex got a new phone! he finally got Tmobile, now we can talk for free all we want! i got lots of DVDs and my digital camera was sent in and fixed!!! so i should be able to put alot more pictures on here soon. well i hope everyone has a great day! love you all
today is my BIRTHDAY! YAY!! i had soo much fun!! yesterday alot of us went bowling, which was a ton of fun..last night, Alex, Aaron, and Daniel rolled us! it was hilarious! today they came over and cleaned it all up and then me and them watched Spiderman 2! i also got to Build a Bear for my birthday! it was really fun...i love you guys so much! thanks for the great bday weekend! :)
Today I boardslide a handrail and i also hung out with Jes surprisingly. My sister and her messed with me so bad today, i can not trust anybody anymore. I love you Jes even though you are a little evil
I went skating today and yeah I was doing good, but I was sweaty. My band can not decide on a name. ohh well. I miss you sweetheart. I love you Jes.
I went to get a physical today at the good old charlotte hungerford hospital today.  No fun for me asking me all those questions, at least i was 100% serious with ever single one of my answers.  Then the horrible cough test. :( Ohh well its over now. I cant wait to see you again Jes. I love you.
This weekend was the best one in a long time....thanks to everyone who made it so spectacular!! ;)  &lt;3 emily
My friend Matt is getting married this weekend and since the break-up I really want to see some friendly type people so I'm going to the Sault tomorrow instead of on Thursday. Should be a blast. Don't know if I'll have internet access for a while since the place I'm staying doesn't even have a computer. But I'll update for sure when I get back next week.
omg 2morrow is the last day of school yes. i can not wait. omg and i'm soo happy ( only brie and tino know what i'm talking about) it feels so good omg i feel great yes my life is turning around yes !! i'm so happy !!! in band 2day was gay i hate when we do that!! o well that did make my day go bad. my day was awesome !!!
hey guys its amy! this is my first entry i was just saying hi and making my first entry. if&nbsp;you knoes how to put pictures on tell me!!
John Milton, from  Areopagitica  "...for books are not absolutely dead things, but do contain a potency of life in them to be as active as the soul that whose progeny they are; nay, they do preserve as in a vial the purest efficacy and extraction of that living intellect that bred them."  Isn't that fucking awesome?
For all my bitching about my old boss...I swear she surprises me sometimes.  She just came by the office to bring me a jar of Italian Olive Salad that she found on her trip to New Orleans.  She always did remember that I love olives.
I just joined a live journal community dedicated to Johnny Depp.  Of course, I can think of MANY worse things than having my friends list littered with pictures of him.  *happy sigh*
This is from Second Helpings by Megan McCafferty. If you're reading it and you haven't finished book 2, you're ruining the whole thing for yourself, so please, DON'T DO IT. But&nbsp;this is too great not to post in my LJ so I am.
i have come to the conclusion that jill makes me happy all the time.  birthday countdown 11 days what?  yesterday, allison and i were talking to sofia after school.  she pulls out her chapstick, and allison and i both look at it to see what brand it is.  she sees us looking at something and says, "what, is there a gnome behind me?" we love sofia.  -ellen
Nearly the whole ID quadrant saw my photoshop work tonight.  One of the comments was "Why the fuck are you a designer?"  I feel rather good about that.
I'm very surprised and happy. JK Rowling has announced that   Harry Potter and the half-blood Prince   is completed. I hope it will be published before the summer
Another episode of   ENCOUNTERS OF THE WEIRDEST KINDS  , ladies and gentlemen. Would someone please tell me if this is funny? I don’t find it funny but Gino seemed to find it hilarious.
quick update, I'll post another later tonight....maybe  Picked up my new car yesterday(a '99 oldsmobile intrigue) and I couldn't get car insurance today.  Being unable to drive my car to work yesterday was pretty frustrating.  So far I'm loving it, it is definately better than what I've been driving lately.  Even my mom's old truck was better than my old car.  Thanks again, mom!
ok on friday yeah im sorry its completly my fault sarah hannah yeah i kno i was the one who came up with the idea and all and i couldnt go im sorry  its was completely my fault and i planned to do something with chris ahead of time then i messed up im sorry
You Are Belle!        Intelligent and kind. Your beauty goes much further than your apperance. Also, you make judgements of people based on their personality and not their looks. Attaining all the knowledge that you can is one of your major goals in life, but you are also a person who can make things happen.     Which Disney Princess Are You?
I recently discovered a band called  Pink Martini . Aside from being great lounge-type music, and ultimately an interesting sound, they appear to be eminently danceable. Sympathique, their first CD, has a lovely variety of waltzes, swing-types, and even a cha-cha.  Bliss!
I took a picture with the cutest bunny in the world. It's name is Corona. I love it. I get to watch it this summer when Amy is on vacation. Yes.
ooookay.  school is scaring me.  project was due last friday, test today, quiz tomorrow, test the day after tomorrow, big project due the day after that, rough draft of another project due in a week, ew.  it's all accumulating but i don't care, i just keep watching that sex and the city...  listening to that music... eating that food... mwahahahahahha.  other than that, all systems are goodo.  :)
Woooo, I'm in a good mood!  Because I have a cell phone!  And I'm back in school!  And, I dunno.  People are cool. 8)  Also, my brother and I are TOTALLY owning Zelda.  Hellz yes.
OMG!  Today I got a letter from Frank!!!!!!!!! Yes Frank Featherstiff!!!  He sends a big "SQUEE!" to all yinz. :DDD  As soon as I got it I started squeeing right back at him, then I got my cat stationary (it's so cool. Maybe I'll send you a letter with it) and wrote one right back at him.  He's an awesome pen pal with amazing mallard stationary. ;)  *misses*  *lvoes*
Watched MaryKate&Ashley's  The Challenge .  I kid you not.  Derived much fun from laughing at it.  Also watched  Never Been Kissed  with Drew Barrymore.  NBK cute, although for a 25 year old woman, she was  very  immature.  I know the point was for her to be thus, but then to pair her with a person of her age... it broke even my sturdy chick flick shield of belief.
ok seriously...what the hell... i had a huuuge entry typed up.. then it all&nbsp;got freakin deleted... rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
I wanna give a big thanks to my sister Andrea and my Bestest friend ever Andie for surprising me last night. The two of them conspired with Alli and Laura and Jennette and took me to the Olive Garden for my birthday, well more like my birthday eve, but all the same. I had no idea, I walk in and they are all sitting there. I had so much fun, thank you all!
I can fit my maternity jeans that I had when pregnant with Noah! Couldn't get my thighs to get into them when I was pregnant with Ridley. Now I got lotsa room and lovin' it cuz now I have another option of pants to wear!   ~~~doing a little party dance~~~
hey guys yup im jus chilln at home bcuz i dint want to go to soccer but i dont have a ride yup yup yup hahaha well if u wanna talk call me
I've been enjoying a nice, long vacation in Honolulu and Orlando.  I'll catch up on my emails and comments ASAP!  Promise! :)  I'll be back in the City of Angels next week...
Post a comment with a memory of me. It can be any kind of memory. Then post this in your journal and see what people remember about you.
“i am going crazy, i just want to tell you how i feel...i wish you would do something special on valentines day...like roses or just a hug, or maybe if i get lucky...i could feel your kiss”
This week has sucked.  I'm not going to lie people, it has sucked such ASS it isn't even funny.  But tonight, tonight I'm fucking fabulous!  I made up with a guy I was fighting with (Alanzo - so cute!) and had a wonderful, witty, engaging conversation with my new buddy Kaye.  This was just a quick note.  "It's all for you..." I'm so gay.  Love you!
I got a truck!  its an '84 toyota. Has a sunroof bench seats 5 speed transmission 4 wheel drive badass cd player  WOOT!
Its great to see old friends. This is a photo of Bernie Z. I went to Jr High and High school with him. He is a very talented musician. We hung out last night, smoked some buds and watched The Song remains The Same,,,,,, It felt just like High school days,,, Very unreal and fun..... I suggest doing this if you have the opportunity :)   Love, Tracii
Happy Saint Patricks Day! Grab some corned beef, boiled potatoes, and some cabbage! Hope you're all wearing green eh? It's bad luck to not wear green on Saint Patricks day...
if i could walk around all day in matching underwear and tank tops, i would. because i feel cute in them.
it's been a while i know but i have a new journal it's cowboy_maniac.  go check it out. love y'all! Shu-shu
Hey Children! What is up?! Omg. I just went to the coolest restaurant for dinner!! Oh man. After that we went to the ESPN zone N NAILED the rower boat. yeaa!! SRR and PON FOREVER DAWGSSSS!!! ttyl
Hey y'all!! I'm up in atlanta on this really cool computer that is like, no lie- smaller than a freakin laptop. anyways, that's&nbsp;where i am. i went to the vortex today and it was a lot of fun- lol- anyways, havin a drink ttyl
Yes...I'm back...I had an amazing trip and there were lots of fun times and some interesting times....  I'll post more later....  Take care everyone!!!!  *Vickie*
Co-op job obtained.  Come January, I shall be employed by Health Canada, working on the Canadian Network for Public Health Intelligence.  Much with the awesome.
I get two days off this week, plus Saturday. It's almost orgasmic.  And, I did LAUNDRY today. Weird how that has suddenly become a luxury in my life.
Ok so I might be a little hyper today.  I talked to Gary for a bit.  It was so good hearing his voice.  The only bad part is it makes me want to feel his arms around more.  I am honestly thinking about surprising him at work tommorrow.  Just to see him for a few moments.
I went to the pool with Lan!  It was an awesome day.  We raced back and forth across the pool several times.  I need to get in better shape.  So, I'm going to the pool tomorrow too.  Feel free to come along! =P  Going swimming felt so good.  I feel so alive.  And the hot shower helped too.  Yaaaaay!  /goes back to watching Pirates of the Caribbean
Tonight was good eventhough we didn't go to best buy (fuckerasses) but Bre and Lauren came over we did homework ate pizza Bre helped me a lot with math Lauren and i hung out it was good
going to work early getting off early going up to alpine to hopefully find Lauren found her rode with her for a while hit some jumps (gave her some pointers,now she is good) she left so i went to adri's hung out cause her parents wern't home went to meijer came home and now going to bed It was a good night
I spent the afternoon with Bridgit, it was fun to see  her again, but it seemed kinda short too.   Sam, tomorrow works great, whenever, after 11 it should be fine.  For those that know me well, my problem that I've been having has finally resolved itself fully, and I don't need to worry about it anymore, so it is a happy day for me!!
well...I can say I've been quite happy for some weeks. I really don't want to say much more than that. I don't want to spoil it. I love him forever.  -mel
It's morning. I'm so tired...but atleast I'm smiling. I really should go to bed when I get home today and not wake up. I'm so exhausted. I fell happy...and that's where we'll leave it.  I love him forever! NO one person can or will change that...
i need to update this more ... people may think i am dead  82 days to barthelona. am i the only one really looking forward to it?   true or false .. time bombs can be neutralised by deja vu?  cant think of anythin else, except ive dona all my maths homework for both and i done it all right and its the first time i ever done that
so i have the flu, which isnt too good; but, what is good, nay amazing, are the friends that i have!  even though ive been stuck in bed slash couch all day, i still received visitors!  i loved being able to see my friends and get caught up on the tournament! i love you all very much! XOXOX leeny
sorry i havent writen in like 20000 years but i've been extremely busy skating my ass off for the competition that i will be leaving for in about an hour and a half :)  love you all, have a good weekend!!
DYNASTY - NOUN, A POWERFUL GROUP THAT MAINTAINES RULE FOR A SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT OF TIME.   that is all.               WOO!
Third day in the new house and things are shaping up nicely.  We've figured out that we've got everything we need except furniture and a wide screen telly.  In other news I'm now an uncle.  My sister gave birth the same day we moved in.  That's going to be wierd, being an uncle to someone on the other side of the world.  Life is good.
Work is such a pain in the ass. I never have time to do anything. Next week some of the guys are on spring break from school and will be home for awhile. I think we are going to go out camping and get plasterd. It has been awhile since I have drank I am really looking forward to it. Jessica had knee surgery a week ago. She has seemed pretty down and out lately. Got to go back to work! Peace out!
Well, one more to go.   Just to spite many of you, I'm going to do my  best  to enjoy my Summer.  Ta.  -B.B.
very fun evening. after the game(bah humbug), we went out to Cheddar's and then to this very cool housing development. We just drove around and looked at houses, but it was mucho fun. well, sleep sound excellent right now, so tata.
YAY!!!!!!  okay, something happened that i shouldnt be happy about, but i am.   SEAN BROKE UP WITH ME!!!!!! YAY!!!!!1   the reason he broke up with me is that ryan told him that i didnt want to go out with him anymore.   im sooooooo hyper right now:-p
Liscensing contract with  Yujean  has been signed and sent :D There will be stickers someday. I'm sure I owe some of my friends for this. So thank you, you know who you are ;)  Dragons almost done too.
well today was ok. Nothing much happened. Tomorrow we get to wear team jerseys. Sierra said she might bring me a red white and blue soccer shirt. If she does thats gonna be awsome lol. Well today i beat cherish in a race down the halls. lol. Tomorrow we're gonna race again and i'm gonna beat her again! lol. Well tomorrrows the last week of the grading period. whoo hoo. lots of homework to do.
you dont even kno how angry i am today but i cant say anyting in case one of them will read this...and i thought i would be able to rant all i want...-_-ill see if i can wirte what i wanna later...
Went out to Borders today to get a couple of Journals. They were buy 2 get 1 free and at $4.99, I couldn't pass up the deal.
Well I had fun at my uncles weddon last night. Yeah seems his wife is french so they had jambalia which I like, especially with hot sauce. This means my uncle was married three times this being his third. On the flip side I made some new friends who used to be enemies and I was unbanned from the paradox lounge. Those new friends also joined newsite. We had fun talking about anything last night.
We're back (again).  Macroeconomics has been destroying me for the past few weeks.  It's over now. :)
*sigh*  Imagine... he would have been only 64.     Rodney Dangerfield died this week as well.  No respect at all...
"Umm ss aahh see sss ahh ss umm ss ahh see sss ahh s s s s umm ss aahh see sss ahh ss umm ss ahh see sss ahh" I'll beatbox you to death bitch. P.S. Vagrent Symphony kicks it old school
If someone could burn me a copy of the used (has to have the taste of ink) and maybe if someone could download give it all by rise against that would be sweet. peace
Happy New Year Bitches, This was the greatest winter break. I played ultimate in a long sleve tee shirt in december, had the best time with the bro and friends. And to top it all off, I have a new girlfriend. I love her.  Peace and Love -Ben
Your Icon is..... by   d3athofs3asons        Your Name           Your Age           Your B-day           Your Icon Is....                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !       I so wish I could steal that icon and put it in a pretty little box for keepsakes!  I love it!    -Katherine Chillingworth-
33 photos from The Tea Party, at the Enmore Theatre in Sydney, 29th November 2004.                                                                                                          All images copyright Kate Walton 2004. Please do not use or reproduce without prior permission.
i fell back in love with thurssay  fell in love with saves the day it looks like i am going backwards on my music going back to music i listened to when i was younger.   THE HEADLINES FIRST SHOW!!! more info later  please go you will be sure to witness a great entertaining show! for the headline!!
LiveJournal Haiku!       Your name:    buttonbox      Your haiku:    being friendly if i haven't spoken to them in a storm i loved      Username:                Created by  Grahame
I just want to say "Congrats!" to mt friend Veronika Lee. She just landed the lead female role of " Karina" in the independant film "My Friend Friedrich". In it she's playing a character who's obsessed with Nietzche philosophy.   Karma works. Veronika's proof.
Just updating to tell you that I switched to xanga( http://www.xanga.com/home.aspx?us er=shannyfanny ) a while ago. I'm sorry, LJ. You've been really good to me. =D. I just needed a change.   &lt;3 Shann
Look at my costume =DD    My pathetic attempt at looking intimidating...    ..I give up :P    Purdyness, aint it?    Pantaloooones xD    Got these shoes on Friday, aint they amazing?   There you have it. Gotta run to see Lexie and company, ta ta! Comment if you want to marry my costume.  &lt;3 Shann
You're a fan of Black Adder...  To reschedule an appointment I had to call: Jane Harrington... Yes..  The   Jane Harrington...  Jane "Bury me in a Y shaped coffin" Harrington... ... .. Yeah..it was kinda like that...
Hey people!! Check this link out. It is so cool. It has a dope quiz.  http://www.crush007.com/love.cgi?id=111 1544808kay
To quote Absath of Ctrl-Alt-Del:   Dear Nature,  Just fucking stop. I mean it. Snow is fun for a little while, like in the middle of winter when you look outside and it's snowing and you say "ooo! look! snow! it must be winter!".  But it's almost April now. Stop fucking around. Don't make me punch you, nature. I'll do it too. You're being a god damned jerk.
Hello my lovelies! How are you on this fine day? I'm great! I just got the cutest kitty in the world!! He's orange and really small... like a little orange fluffball. I named him Robbie. omg he is SO adorable. I never had a pet before so this is really cool. He's uber friendly and super cuddly. Aw I love him.
Merry Christmas/Happy Holidays everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Hope you have an awesome week away from school!
Aww, Jeremy came over tonight, I wasn't home though. He told my brother to tell me to call him when I got home, so I did. And, ahh.. he makes me so happy.
Oh my god. I finally got to meet Jerermy's family. I love his family. MUCH better then mine. His mom is so sweet. Aww.. I love his house. I had so much fun last night, you don't even know. We are going to try to hang out again on Saturday.. and I can't wait.. because I miss him already. But.. school time. Bye
today I realized that I am a very interesting, unique fifteen year old.  and that I look damn cute sometimes.  today was a nice day.
Just returned from Vermont...the most beautiful place I have seen so far in my life. After 28 years of visits, each time I find more things to love...if I ever figure out how to paste photos here, I'll share!
Welcome to Pchuu Icons! This livejournal is merely to showcase the icons I've made. Since I am poor (and lazy) this journal may never be "beautiful." I figure you're here to see the icons, NOT the journal. So, enjoy!
I don't mean to brag or anything but I have the sweetest valentine in the world and her name is Lauren Woods!!!!  I love you Lauren!!!!
Well to sum it all up:  - I went to the job fair,  - I reconnected with Carol, so that'll help me get a job in the near future,  - Tami and Sarah has already received a job if she turns in the app,  - My tests went well,  - I am doing pretty well right now,  - I wrote the letter to get out of the new dorms for next year, just have to go turn it in.  Late.
Amy and I are staying together for the cats! Really though, there is so much work to be done, but for now i'm just happy that my heart gets to stay in the same apartment as me. I was so scared she was going to leave with it.  and
Heh my mate starr is such a wonderful kitty. She drew me this beautiful pastel today. Gods I'm so damn lucky!   http://www.deviantart.com/deviation/412 6686/   Check out her other stuff up there too! It's all great in my opinion, though she doesn't agree-chuckles-
I have the hardest time thinging up of subject titles......oh well!  I'm about to go to agusta with Paul and Ju Ju and my brother.  yeah.....not much to write about I guess.  I love Justin!!
The boss is back earlier than expected, My shoulders have tightened painfully,  My throat is dry, I can feel my BP rising, This is all so weird, its almost automatic and he's only been in 7 minutes!  However, thanks to the       witchmaiden   , nothing is going to ruin my mood today! Nothing!!
Well, I couldn't contain myself any longer.. ok, so it is only a few days since Christmas, but hey a girls gotta do what a girls gotta do.. my last spend of 2003.... I went out and bought the sound track to Love Actually... such a great film.. very bad language, but sweet none the less... so I am just giving my room a bit of a tidy and listening to the cd.. then down to make some dinner soon...
I still have a lump on my head.... luckily I don't bruise very easily, and not a single person asked me about it today.  I'm sure it will turn yellow very soon!  Hopefully it will be done being lumpy soon.  Tomorrow is friday.  'Nuff said.  Can't wait for the weekend!  Winterfest is going to be HUGE, and having monday off is excellent!  Time to get my lesson plans done.
Today they gave out the ribbons for the Turkey Trot!  I got my nice shiny red second place ribbon.  My time was 15 minutes 58 seconds.  That's horrible!  One of my students ran it in 10!!  I think next year I may actually try to train for this thing.... I don't think I could possibly do any worse.  14 days of school left until Christmas break!!  (And one of those days is a field trip!)
Here are some new pictures of the babies!  They STILL haven't opened their eyes up, but should any day now!  This one is a bit blurry, but it's cute....      Here's three of the babies sleeping with their mommy.  (Well, one of the mommys...)       This was just funny.... The moms like to run around while the babies are still sucking... heehee!
I got my certificate in the mail today!  I am officially official!  YAY ME!!    Now I am just waiting on my earth and space praxis scores to see if I need to get another certification added on.      Off to corps for the weekend...  only 4 parades this year!  Then a whole sunday off!!
I couldn't take a decent picture of my necklace.. it's beautiful. It's the proper one not one of the cheap knock-offs you can get for a tenner... here's a picture from www.tolkientown.com where it was from.     Yes it IS that gorgeous...  And this is the One Ring... worth $8.99 and they sent it free :)   http://www.tolkientown.com/TolkienS hop/Collectibles/TTOneRing.htm
Apparently there is a concerted effort from some of my old co-workers at XcelleNet to get me back in the door again.  It feels nice to be wanted....  now the next question?   $$$$$$$$$$$$$
Our beloved Benja is coming back to town this Saturday.  If you want anything from Pamplona, email him tonight.
Today I feel SO MUCH better than yesterday - it is quite lovely. And my boss just advised me to leave on time again tonight so I can rest, lest I backslide which is even lovelier. So that means in 90 minutes I am free to run away! Away! (And pack for MA and hit the gym and go to bed early, but still tis away!).
Whoohoo had a great weekend at the charm halloween event... it rocked...  I Played a priest who happened to be a undead hunter as well... and ivonne played my companion... it was pretty cool and they actually managed to get out all of the horror cliche's... loved it...  Going to bed now... later
Bonnie Wright looked so pretty in the picture I couldn't help making this one.  And I managed to find a pretty intense/pissed-off Draco. XD  Now, if only someone can tell me a website with high quality POA screen shoots with lots of Draco in it.....
Grr.  Well. I have just gotten information on Visas and stuff and there's nothing but hurdles in the way to heaven...  Well, not really  difficult  hurdles, only time consuming traps that they put to assure that *I* am not a meanie.  So. The game begins!!!  :P  :D
In different places I've been asked about pictures of Damon. I told him that, about this nosy bunch on LJ. lol. He didn't mind if I posted his picture. So, it's done with permission. ;)       Hope you're pleased now. lol.
dont you love those songs that make you feel nice?  they make you feel butterflies bring back happy memories bring hope  convince us that we will find true love and everything will be okay
IVE FOUND A KINDRED SPIRIT AND SHES KICKASS AND WERE GOING TO CHANGE THE WORLD AND YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
Scared yet? Moms also possibly buying me a corset and another cheomsung(the dress above is also a cheomsung) Hehe,I cant wait. Heres another we might be getting.
&lt;3staggering in at 2am  Last night was great. Alex+Amy+Mimi looked gorgeous in the show. A bunch of HaVoK-ish people were there. Everyone. And there was dancing.  :D I love to dance. (stfuluv) This beautiful woman that was dancing at HaVoK last week came last night. She raves in a  dress . She told me I danced well and invited me to the afterparty. It made my day :D.  ---    I ¤ am ¤ energy
I just figured out wats really fun at work.... ready?.... drinking Corona's with the assembly guys out in the parking lot and lighting fire works just because we have'em... my god... wat the hell are we doin?.... we work with heavy machinery too.... eh, that's always a plus.... ^_^
Yay its jareds favorite person right now, except for maybe angie, there most likely tied at the moment, oh well he made me take the test and here are the results...       Which Avril Lavigne Song Are You?
So i had the most awesome weekend ever...on thursday elyse came into to town, so i went and saw her, and ended up suggesting that she stay until saturday, and she did of course... so we had super a lot of fun. on thursday we just kinda hung out, we watched breakfast at tiffany's, which is a good movie by the way... and then we went to bed.
I've just cooked AND eaten a meal with 1 hand...okay it was just sausages chips and baked beans but it's still quite an achievement. I had a couple of problems like setting the timer and cutting sausages but everyone's being nice about it rather than treating me like I'm made of glass...(possibly broken glass, I'm not sure.)
well rachael came over today and it rained and we took pictures. and uhhh yeah!      RAIN!  were makin chef!  what a hardass  yeahyuh bitches!  makin a pretty face for the camera before i fly off  i got water on my bum bum  now im the hardass with the knuckles   :\  my cool pink slippers  wanna see me hula?   &lt;3 ana
im sick.... i think its from the shots i got on monday... they injected me with a live strain of yellow fever and it hit me now. it sucks.  so anyways  me and jessica are going out.... im happy. shes happy... we're happy
8 months, 2 weeks, and 3 days... i guess u could say im kind of excited to get a new start... but i wont forget about anyone!
Jessica called today and I miss her a lot.  :-(.  I haven't been the best friend since she moved, I'm definitely going to start doign better, writing more etc.  I got my Fame soundtrack!   Also, got almost everything done on my to-do list. :-D.
Going to my next concert in April with a friend of mine.... Greenday and My Chemical Romance....  Dude.... seriously... I may be seeing MCR three times this year.... crazy shit.  And... I got three new cds, two new games, and a flat PS2...  Family sold a house... money!  HOORAY!!
As my friend Heather celebrates her birthday today, I looked at the calendar and saw that I will celebrate mine in exactly 12 weeks.  The woman of my dreams--Jennifer Aniston--also celebrates her birthday today: she's 36, while Heather is 26.  Kind of ironic, huh?  Jennifer is 5 years and 12 weeks older than I am, while Heather is 5 years and 12 weeks younger than me.
Here are some pics of mine and James' off-roading adventure this past weekend. We had a blast camping and off-roading with the PolyGoats, Cal Poly's 4-wheelin' club. :-D                  Hope all is well kiddies! Luv u guys! and miss u lots!  ~Elana
We had a great time tonight.   I admit that I was kind of expecting amateur night, and I mostly went because it's a Common Ground fundraiser thing, but it ended up being really, really good. We laughed a lot, and I got to get to know the_surfacer a little better, which was a pleasure.   My sweetie will be here tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!
real quick update today: Juan and I broke up, I guess im not gay, now I have a girlfriend named Torey. umm.... thats all, BYE!  -the moose
hahaha, I was in a bad mood, until I went to furnitureporn.com!  That shit will lift anyone's spirits!!!!  ha ha ha . . .  my god!
Can it be?  that you are my forever love and you are watching over me from up above fly me up to where you are
it is raining and i am so  happy .&nbsp; yesterday i felt so  lonely  and  miserable , but now i am just all  smiles .&nbsp; normally people are happy with  sun,  but i hate it, i would much rather   rain.    &nbsp;
OH MY GOODNESS! SOMEBODY PAID FOR MY ACCOUNT! OH MY GOODNESS!!!!!! *runs around and hugs everyone* :D :D :D :D okay i'm crazy. but I'm so happy now. I love you whoever did it! :) :) :) :)
Post a memory of me. It can be anything you want, just so long as it happened.  Then post this to your journal. See what people remember about you.
... had my final 4 tests today, so for me, school's over. Let the nice weather begin! *looks at sky, hopefully*  Now I really feel like relaxing. It's so nice to have no pressure on your mind at all. Oekaki? :D
I STILL HAVE MY STUFF!!!  I got on Diablo today to see if there was some chance I still had my things, AND I DID.  I'm assuming that since I wasn't wearing anything when I died the second time, the server didn't bother saving that body (as there was nothing to save). Or maybe the server just screwed up. I don't know, and I don't care, I STILL HAVE MY MAV ARMOR!
Hmm, getting ready for Flock tonight and found the pictures of snow from a couple of weeks back on my camera...                 Currently, most of the house is getting ready to leave, I'm geeking briefly and waiting to go :-)  Maco xxxx
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!  I got an A on the final! Sure, I'm not in the class... and it doesn't do shit for my GPA... but it's still cool! Wheeeeeeeee!!!
THat cat that slept on my porch was back last night, but it left when it started raining. Poor bastard.  I gave it some salmon flavoured cream cheese.  mmmmm, cream cheese. I think I shall have some. And ovaltine kicks some serious ass. wheeeee. I got into honors english, i feel speshul. Yeah, i know, shocking. Woohoo. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH rabid puffin dingoes!!!! www.sluggy.com
Thanks to       foetuscide   , my Movable Type journal is syndicated on LJ now!  Just add the user       johnnyfeng    to your friends list.  It looks like LJ imported all of my old entries to the same time and date, so they'll probably flood anybody's friends page for the next day or so.
Maisonette rocked.  The food was sooooo good, and everyone looked awesome.  Pauvre Spencer and Ali got stuck eating with Mr. Hawkins and his wife.  I can't believe Ali wore tennis shoes.  I would definitely be willing to go back if anyone wants to take me!!!!  Finally got my Easter candy, and I have consumed quite a bit of sugar.
A big thank you and Happy Holidays to whoever anonymously paid for two months of LiveJournal for me. Big hugs to whoever you are!
I had the pleasure of tagging along this evening when Daddy met up with the 2 charming girls       cottoncandy_gal    and       freckals   .  Bon Voyage Michelle!  ( psst. Drop me a comment if u would like to be photographed with me, the ducke. :])
Hello everyone  (Hanging out at Pacific Coffee, commonly referred to by my dad and his friends as  "The Red Sofa")
...yeah we do yeah we do. i didnt meet the girl but last night i found out i have the best friends in the world and i wouldnt want to spend last  night with anyone but them.         bring on the new year!
Quick little drop in. I figured out how to work this livejournal backround thingy...well sorta.. maybe I'll change it later, but this is good for now...well gotta go. Hi EVERYONE!!!!!  NOw uh BYE, *Shiri
The Audigy 4 Pro is installed, the SW1000XG's digital output it piped straight into the Audigy's I/O hub, and everything works perfectly and sounds  great!
HAPPY WEDDING DAY, CLAY AND STEPHANIE!!!  * How exciting!* Lets hope that the rain holds off! :o) Off to get my hair done...
I had a great time last night. ^_^  Thanks Cass for the use of your, erm, bed ^^;  &lt;3 I'll pick up my bra sometime
There's been an accident, and my memory's been wiped clean. I have no recollection of who I am.  Tell me about myself. What do you know about me? What kind of person am I? What are my likes and dislikes? How did we meet and how long have we known each other? Is there one thing in particular that stands out about me? Tell me who I am.  When you're done, put it in your LJ
Hey there beautiful people,  ArGh  my friend Marc pulled out of going to Big Gay Out on saturday with me!&nbsp;&nbsp;I wasn't too gutted though because i was still determined to go even if it meant alone, but fear not i have drafted in a replacement in the form of my friend Caroline so  YaY  i'm all excited again and its only  4  days to go!! Now my other dilemma .. What to wear?!
Two weeks until I start my new job, so I'm making the most of it. I spent more time at work drinking yesterday, than I did working! It was a late-ish night, but I made it to work on time at 7am today (with a lot of help from Adels). It was a fantastic night, but my going-away drinks promise to be even more spectacular since my B-Day will be the same weekend!
Ninja!  You are a sneaky Ninja. We don't even know you're there... before it's too late!      Monkey, Ninja, Pirate, Robot?     brought to you by  Quizilla
Random Comic Generator v2.0 by   Delya        Nickname           Paper or plastic?      Paper Plastic neither none bubble wrap       panel 1           panel 2           panel 3                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !
bleah. I smell like 10 brands of cigarette and I don't think 1 shower will get it out.  oh well. that's club. I think that's just the reminder I needed to never go there again.  word
This one's about... I dunno what it's about but I like it.        LiveJournal Haiku!       Your name:    cricketfighter      Your haiku:    the city in which we will be screened so that no one else will see      Username:                Created by  Grahame
So I need help on something. There's this dude Kevin. You guys know him. Some of you anyway. Tall guy. Shaved bald. Blue eyes. Striking smile (you'd remember it if you've seen him).  He works at Tucano's right now. I recognized him tonight.  Here's the question: "Where do  I  know him from?"        djsparkydog    I'm looking at you. My brain is pudding  -lee
Love by   ruby mae        Your name           Your partner           You two are    Soulmates      Your meeting was by    Luck      They are your    Sweetheart      You are their    Baby      Your love will    Never end               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    kittens are love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
Happy 1 st  Anniversary to       sidonie_6    and her filthy, grimy husband :) may there be many more to come.    -lee
random entry:  woohoo for tiger woods, quite an exciting final round so im sad, but i like watching the masters
Well...  *The project is done...I'm actually pretty happy with it...Thanks go out to the girl from my tutorial who helped me understand my results..turns out they weren't wrong and pretty easy once you knew vaguely what you were doing. It's pretty bad that I don't know the girls name though...  *Debacles galore...  *Now to study for my test on Economic Theroies of the Firm...
Spring Break is over (had fun),   had to set the clocks an hour ahead (lame),   have to go back to school tomorrow (could be worse),   I am beyond broke (looking for a job),   and last but not least,   (Viva Las Vegas).
What a wonderful night with the Fab Five. I honestly had an amazing time, but unfortunately my life is still gray (instead of black and white). Best Wednesday night in a long time.
OMG!!!!I asked off for monday, tuesday, and wednesday and I got it....WOW anyone up for a road trip!!!!!So anyway I had the bestest 24 hours EVER!!! I love you guys. Anj has explained it all to you, but it was the best. ttyl &lt;3 Kristen
everyone is missing the cutest thing ever....I put a sock in scabbers cage hopeing he would use it to stay warm, but not really thinking that he would. He has chewed a rat size hole in the toe of the sock and he crawls in it and rolls around it is soooooo cute. Anyways, Merry Christmas to all and all a good night. -Kristen-
Today is a big day!&nbsp;Today is the day my&nbsp;dearest friend, Anne aka       sufferingfool   , turns 18!! So everybody, give her a BIIIIIG hug and sing the birthday song!!
Do you know what date it is today? Yes? It's December 7th! And that's the day before the 8th! (yes, I found that out all by myself!) Anyway, tomorrow is a very important day! Two very cool persons have their birthday then, and guess who!! Jupp, me and Dom! *yaaaay!!!* So happy birthday to me and Dom tomorrow! *lol*
I?  Love the whole world right now.  Everyone and Everything.    *throws glitter*    *frolics through the daisies*  *stops spamming you now*  edit: I think I am going to endure the week of hell and DOWNLOAD so I can watch over and over and over again.
My favorite aspect of Christmas is that everyone is in a great mood. ___________ _____*_____ ____***____ ___*****___ __*******__ _*********_ _____**_____
today we got out of school at 11:45. i went to the mall and i got a cute shirt from american eagle. its white and has green and orange stripes(for anyone who cares). on saturday im wicked excited because im probably hanging out with jackie who i havent seen in like forever and a half.  peace out
FRiENDS 0NLY   b-cuz: 1] mah family iz ALWAYZ in mah shyt- n dey dun n33da read thiz 2] i dun wan BYTCHEZ i dun lyk readin thiz 3] cuz i can do tha ;]  thiz iz mah new j0urnaL! uh 0! lol* c0mment + iLL add chu baCc! me + mrissa iz chyLLn...u kno whaz up!
I haven't done one of these in a looong time, so I'm going to try to start doing them again      View Poll: Monday Musing 03.14.05
I love sorbet... I really, really, really do. And I am now going to finish the last of my midterm papers and take a nice long nap.
I've decided to take back the comment of painkillers making me happy.  Side effects kicked in.  Jessica is now sick haha.  I'm going to die!!!! except seriously.
This Journal is now 100% Friends Only... Unless I have something Stupid to say to the world... So that actually means it is going to be more like 95% Friends ONLY... I will me updating much more often now so if you care to hear what I have to say you are going to have to login to see it...
This morning I woke up... Looked out the window... Saw the blue sky, the ocean, the sun, and the trees... Its good to be alive.
Birthday! Wee! Birthday! Woohoo! Birthday! Yahoo!  Lmao I'm a loser. But I'm also 17. :D WOOOOOOOOOOO
hmm today was a good day felt weak again so just stayed in bed for a while but made candles wen i started feeling good again n my daddy made burgers yummy n then i went ova to kristen g. for an hour cuz i started to feel good hooray n lets see now im just talkin to people woot fun stuff ttyl &lt;3 love ya tons  xoxo linds
do this If you read this, even if I don't speak to you often, you must post a memory of me. It can be anything you want, it can be good or bad, just so long as it happened. Then post this to your journal to see what people remember about you.
san antonio was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUN like can't even type everything out haha from steam rooms to my dad whispering angie in the car awww lauryn that was GREAT well tommorow i have vball at george r brown call my cell if u wanna watch ill be there all day long JOY lol well i g2g wakin up at umm lik 445 tommorow o how fun will that be  p.s leah cangelose thank you so much u r so awesome babe!
Something I made for you guys! It's really crappy.I made it with regular paint. I don't have all those programms like pro paint and stuff :P My handwritting looks awfull in it, looks like a little kid wrote it. Anyway here it is:     Wish you all a very happy new year! With joy, love and happyness. Make 2005 a great year! Wish you guys all the best!  Love and such xxx
Just had a look on Jode her LJ and she made this fantastic icons! I took one and I'm using it right now! It's the Beatles. Love the icons very much.  Thanks Jodie :D  For more great icons visited Jode's LJ &gt;&gt;       mrsbellamy     love to you all xxx
im sitting in community prodject waiting for learning lab cuz i am very bored!! Umm i might go to the guys game tonight but i dunno =) and justin you really gay lol but i still love you =) xoxo Olivia*
Im in spanish and Mr. Neilson is about to talk to us and its really boring!! Ben is sittong beside me telling me to write about him so yeah  Olivia**
Yes!  I got it!  My Saiyuki!  Or half of it anyway.  The package from home came today.  I still have no clue when my other stuff is getting here though.  But at least I have the next two volumes of the manga, and that'll keep me happy for a while.
so uhm this week has been pretty tight...not been doin much just school and out with the homies.  tonight saw polar express, and i loved that movie.  i also love the movie mean girls.  im so tite... anyway, im gonna go. werd.
commiegirl Highway    Mt. Happiness    6      Contentment Meadows    23      Family Farm    35      Childbirth Hospital    127      Bewilderment Avenue    551      Please Drive Carefully               Username:      Where are you on the highway of life?   From  Go-Quiz.com    yay, it makes my life seem so cool.
that I could not wear my hair in braided pigtails. Only loose women and whores wore their hair like that. I think it might have been a law or something. I was very disappointed. Also there was lots of sex.
wowowowowowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwoooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
I  nailed  that archaeology presentation today. The other members of my group told me I was amazing, random people in the class told me I was amazing, and after class Conor Newman (whom I fangirl way more than it is proper to fangirl your professors) told me I was amazing.   And now I'm done with two more classes and the world seems like a  much  better place.
I'm eating Dulce de Leche cheesecake from Cheesecake Factory...   Today is a good day... not just because of the cheesecake... but I so totally love it when things work out =)
rawr!         Which Tim Burton character are you?      Catwoman   MAWR!           Click Here to Take This Quiz     Brought to you by   YouThink.com   quizzes and personality tests.
Well my dad is getting his car 2morro cos he's starting his driving lessons up again :D. And im going to see Rammstein in Feb yey! That all for now. Later!
Went to durham today and bought 3 pairs of new rock boots but only two pair are mine. One pair is for work, the other pair is for going out and about and the third pair is a xmas present for my bf. I need to start getting everyone elses so that i dont have to rush around to get them. Anyway i'll stop babbling now.
LAST NiGHT WAS THE BASKETBALL GAME.. WAS VERY FUN W/ BECCA N SWiCH..  YES TONiGHT WAS TURNABOUT... WAS PRETTY  FUN.. iM NOT VERY GOOD AT THESE DANCES.. iD RATHER HANG OUT THEN HAVE TO DANCE..  YES i KNOW iM PRETTY WEiRD.. WELL NOW iM AT THE AFTER PARTY W/ BECCA ALEX LiSA NiCK AND JAY.. =D HAViNE A BLAST.. WELL  iLL WRiTE WHENEVER i CAN.. MUCH LOVE  &lt;3 NAYyY
Well today Becca is going to come over and we are going to play in the snow and hang out and have a ball. lol And then  at 5:30 Im headin over to Max's and we're prolly going to play in the snow some more and watch movies and chit chat cause thats  what we do best =) .. haha well I gotta go get ready Becca's comin @ 2:15! Leave some comments.  much love-Renee
this is my last night w/o parents! my mom comes home tomorrow! so sad! well, now i have to clean up the house before my mom gets home cuz some how my sis and i have managed to make a huge mess!
Today was awesome. Me and my friend, Gricel, cut skool and went downtown. Soo much funny shit happened today. Im definatly doing that again. Im supposed to go to some haunted houses and see the grudge today with my sisters. That should be fun...missing u ben...
i am about to go to work for 2 hours 4-6 well  remember kids... Only GOD can love you with an everlasting love. jer. 31:3!  love you guys. -kels    in the uniform.   kels
well we spoiled you at school. cant wait to hear if you got ur license happy birthday sweet girl.   i love you!!!                                                                                     FOUR YEARS OF GREATNESS. Im so glad I Have YOU!
The last week has been a relaxing period, well.. not really. But it has been fruitful:  File my taxes   Finish coding for my project    Complete the IRB application  ASAP    Read as many of the magazines as I can  Catch up with some physics from Feynman    SLEEP !   More walks for my camera  Well I'll settle for halfway through, for now. I still have today to do some of the rest! :)
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!!!!!!!!!! the fist valentine's day in 3 years that i haven't been on a forensics tournamet!
i found it yesterday. in the pocket of the pants i was wearing last time i used it last friday! yippy!!! my action card every now and then decides to be adventerous and leave me, but it always comes back to me! hehe
ok all ideas that i'll elope are so gone! elyse and holly have been looking at engagement rings and wedding dresses and stuff tonight. i want a wedding! i dont' want to get married, just the wedding. i want a wedding! hehe
I love my kitty :):):)   And summer and the end of school approaching.. oh yeah and I definitely love food.. mmm burritos from qdoba are yummy
This weekend was great.  I got to ride on a harley, shoot handguns in a quarry and fix a car!  My kitty remarked afterwards that I had been converted to a redneck.. :P We went to his dad's for the weekend, in iowa.  It was lots of fun, and of course the nice weather helped too.  First time I haven't felt cold on a bike!
ahhh, naps in the afternoon are THE BEST!!!  Of course, the warm weather, chocolate and kisses from my sweetie help too *grin*
not much has been happening, i hung out with my A-town friends monday night, during which we played risk and watched the patriots lose.  it was good and a nice reminder of the fun times we had in high school.  somehow i managed to get a C im both stats and economics, so that was good as well.  i've got to run now, i have a discgolf game coming up.  i'll be back to talk soon
I got selected to be a leader of song next year. I'm one of seven, I think because I kind of tuned out who else was being announced as I went up to get my badge so I'm not exactly sure who else got it. I have a vague idea though that pretty much everyone who went for Leader of song got it, because there was really only seven or eight of us who went for the position.
You scored as  Rainbow . You are constantly happy and optimistic. You get the fun outta everything. You are always laughing and giggling and joking around.       Rainbow             90%       Clear Skies             25%       Rain             20%       Storm             10%       Wind             5%        What type of weather is most like your emotions?   created with  QuizFarm.com
Dean called and wants to hang out tomorrow before he goes to work! YAY for old friends who don't suck! WEE!
Hey everybody! First time on live journal it's pretty cool!  don't have much to say right now so i'll be back later.
im pumped about life. nothing in particular. im just pumped.  list of my favorite new things: 1. Keith.
We made a new friend today. Hopefully we will make more. This person looks to be somewhat sane. :) Say hello to:
home sweet home. i love getting home after a trip. i just feel so refreshed. portland was amazing! i had so much fun and did more shopping than i thought was possible. janie i love you and i missed your fun presence!! i can't wait for easter tomorrow. i waking up to easter baskets and i love pastel pink, green, yellow and blue. it is such a happy holiday!
*ring ring*  "Hey, what's up Thang?"  "Andre...you got a gas can or anything like that?"  "...No...Hey Peter, you got a gas can?  No?  Sorry sir."  "DAMNIT.  My car won't start, I'm outta gas."  "That sucks dude, haha"  "Dude, shut up!  Fuckin' Andre....I'm fuckin' pissed haha"  "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAA  Whaddya want me to say?!"  "Fuckin'...All right bro, later..."  "See ya haha"
Soooo Flogging Molly's gonna be in town the 22nd and 23rd...I'm goin' on the 23rd.  Who's with me?  WOO!
A buddy of mine (Frankie) just showed me this trailer for a movie called Kung Fu Hustle.  Kung Fu Hustle.  Come on, how can it NOT be awesome?  It can't!      http://www.apple.com/jp/quicktime/trail ers/sony/kungfuhustle_large.html   YES!
Becca has this cat named Baxter and boy howdy is it awesome.  He's huge and hilarious.  I would never try to eat that particular cat.  Hahaha
This post has nothing to do with the election.   Nothin' like having people set things straight...You jokers're still high on the respect-o-meter.  My apologies.  Hahahahahaha
You know this live journal thing is kind of addicting. I have it what now 3 days and ive made what liek 3 or 4 entries. Its not like me I tell you but hey what can I do. Happy Christmas and Hanukah. Hope you have had a good time over break so far, mine has been pretty good I guess so far. Later yo
Who were you in a past life? by   Kat007        Name:           Birthdate:           Favorite Color:           Country:           You were most probably:    Cleopatra       If not then you were:    A pretty little flower              Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen 2.0  !
hooray geena. samuel must be a cool guy. i hope you guys have great memories with each other (what?!?!?)
guten tag everyone! today was good. i am listening to GNR (rock on!!!) haha and talking to 7 people! jesus people im not that cool!
A small but select group. Thanks to       cadiliniel    and       alyburns    who both came up with this one.     ~sally_maria~                               LJ  friendsCollage . Brought to you  by       pratibha75    and       teemus   .
HAPPY EASTER EVERYBODY!   I hope all of you have a wonderful time, however and whyever you celebrate.  I'm going home tomorrow so I'll see you in a few days.
I found some great Labyrinth icons made by       starbrite_icons   ! I'm such a geek... but I do love the movie, and David Bowie, what can I say?
i am so happy right now dan just left after trying to stall so he could stay longer cuz i am leaving again but only for a week at younglife camp then willbe home again! xoxo
I finished taking all the photos of corals I should need in my thesis.&nbsp; Now I am digitally cutting the corals out of the pictures and altering the contrast, brighness etc, to make them look good.&nbsp; As I finish each one I insert it into a Plate in my Systematics Word document.  So far&nbsp; I&nbsp; have finished the plates for 2 species.  Tomorrow I will have a full day of making plates.
www.weddingyourway.net  Sounds like a swell fellow, isn't picky and we could even have a pajama wedding, well ya know if we wanted to :)  EDIT  www.reverendvalentine.com
Danielito was right! Wyclef  was OFF DA CHAIN !!! Me,&nbsp;Melissa Peru , Kurt, and Alan went on Friday night and i LOVED it!!  GO HAITI!! He even played  Kompa music and   everythang!! :)
trying out my new lj layout... looks cute kekekeke  already sent out my edit work, and that makes me available for new edits...  oh yeah... good friday, should abstain...
yeah... whole day, full schedule... doing some editing... going to the bank... watching tv... eating lunch... going out... watching tv... doing some editing...  hope i could squeeze in some nappy time in between kekekeke
Uhhh...hi. I haven't updated in a while. In that time I went to New York and Vegas. Both great times. I want to live on the east coast. Vegas was just grat fun. We went to this really cool club called RumJungle. It was very classy. I loved it. We girls had fun there.   Anyway.............yeah. I might go to New York again soon.
Last night was fun too. JP, Molly and I just went driving around talking about scary stories. We were driving around in the Santa Cruz mountains. We listened to The Ataris and sang really loud. It was fun. The Ataris always make me happy. Well, their old stuff does. Reminds me of good memories. Awwww....
yay!!!!!! yesterday my best friend amber came down!!:D now we are going to the crab races! should be fun! there always so mint! ne ways not much else to write! lol every one have a good day!!!!!!!!!!!!!        always and forever Jessie!
wow i was reading this really sad e-mail and i accually cried! i never cry while reading things! so i decided to post it!
YES!!! well today i had a report due in history but the chick in front of me spend half a frikin hour on hers and the peron in front of her did a pretty long one too!! godness god saved me!!!! yes i am in such a good mood! and today in pe we played basbeall which kicked butt!
ok well i was talking to a friend and i asked what he thought about me being a sports broadcaster and he said i seemed quiet! is that true? or am i a loud person? just wondering! lol hope yall have a good day! going to seattle tomorrow!
I just took the "how good is your gaydar" test.  75% Accurate  "You personally got 15 of the 20 people correct and were better at recognizing guys than girls. Overall, you guessed better than 73% of all test takers" BOOYEAH!! AND there's a picture of a male naked orgy on there.
Red  is of course the color of love and passion, but also of chivalry and courage.  Orchids  represent fervour and eroticism. You are a very romantic person, your aim in life is love and be loved, but with respect and deep feelings.      What flower - color association are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
EHLO! DIS IS MI   Everyone forrgot mi. Well well well I'm still heeerr and loving Matt. I also finali made friends with glasseater boy Arel. He said he vants to eat me raw on a silver platter?? Don't know what that is but I think he's taking me out to dinnner. Very sweeet boy.
Well, hi again all people and fans all over the world ;) I wrote yesterday a long diary and guess what happened? The bl****dy computer hanged itself. So it was all disspeared, just made me very pissed off. Oh, where to start, I tell what happened today or yesterday?
Hello people.   I just came home from a fantastic concert with one of my favorite all time bands  Yumi Yumi.   They are a japanese punk-pop-indie-band who play fantastic music with a lot of crazy energy and lovely emotions.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MYSELF....HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!!! OH YEAH AND MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!
Thanks both to       shireling76    for mentioning flickr and to       ms_alis    for posting detailed instructions on how to make it work, the last entry was my very first try at putting a photo into my lj!  Yay!!!!  So next I'll have to throw in a photo of Artemis, so all three cats have their moment in the spotlight :&gt;)
I saw crocuses and snowdrops in a few people's front yards today, the first flowers this year, and the temperature hit +16C (61F)!   And  I got the first "regular" batch of work in almost two weeks.  So, as Ms.A's icon says, sometimes ya just gotta go "Wheeee!"
guten abend.wie geht's?ich bin sehr froehlich!heh heh.today was an average day.right now i'm just kickin back in my brothers room watching south park DVDs with him and his girlfriend.we're watching the "Hooked On Monkey Phonics" episode.  good times  heh heh  heeh
Well it isnt techncally *my* truck But i get the use of it whenever I want it. And the Tirling Plastic Industries sign is going to be taken off And theres 2 seatbelts (and seats) in the cab.  And its certainly not new.
ah love day      chocolate strawberries....    bottle of wine....    a secluded place....    and a beautiful view.     aww
Did anyone know it was "Womens' Day" yesterday? What a weird holiday -- apparently that was what the weird sign at google was for. I'm not complaining though; we got a half day off from work because of it! So Belated Happy Womens' Day to the women out there. :)
The subject sounds awful, I know. Haha...but I just received some pictures from last Saturday's dinner and I now have Hooters on my mind! Augh!
kara and brenna went to go visit vicky so id ont have much to do hah    I got my prom dress its light green and pretty  Im goin with Jon Cronin wooo         I dont want to go to the prom really just the after partyy wooo
Awww!  [ ] Gnaw Free Zone: Go Away Brenna says, "With Sithen as a friend, enemies have no meaning :)"
Success!  I now have an MP3 copy of the "Team March," the end credits theme to Buckaroo Banzai.  Sooooo 80s.  In a good way, though.  Oh, and in case I don't bother with entries tomorrow: have a merry Decemberween yo.
*Ask me 4 questions. Any 4, no matter how personal, private or random. I have to answer them honestly. I have to answer them all. I MIGHT not answer them publicly, though. In turn, you post this message in your own journal and you have to answer the questions that are asked of you.*
This is quite good, in my opinion :)       Claim Your Old British Man by jgurlpunkrck      Your Name           Your Age           Your Old British Man           You met...    at a royal ball (yes, I'm running out of ideas)      The relationship ended...    with your disappearence               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
Ok, so I just watched an hour of Meet Me in St. Louis for no apparent reason. I really ned to work on the whole "time management" thing.  i WILL be productive and go practice now!!!
this camera phon fucking rulews lolol HUNTER did u get what i sent u?? ^_^ i'll be hback at the shop very soon try not to be an idiot 4 a few ,more mins while i unpack our groceris. i''ll txt u!!!
I got accepted to Next Gen today!!! So happy right now. I saw The Passion last night. 'Twas awesome. There aren't words to explain how impacting the movie is...how impacting Jesus is. The fire alarm pulling has started again at school...I don't mind, as long as it's nice outside. I have to come up with $545 by July 1st. Which is a lot, but God has His ways of providing.
Happy Birthday to ME! Happy Birthday to ME! Happy Birthday to MEEE! Happy Birthday to ME!  So far today has been a pretty good birthday.  Got a wonderful gift from Dustin.  I was supposed to get my gift from my mom today but I got the card yesterday.  Even the annoying parts weren't so bad.  Guess I just laughed them off.  :)
my mum gets to come home from hospital tomorrow morning yay! in time for christmas, she obviously didnt want me to wrap brook up and leave her at the hospital for mum, lol. i hate the shops, blah!
hey everyone!!! lol well today i have been studying a  bit for a chemistry test and on friends cafe for most of the day lol well i haven't rearly got anything else to put part from thanks mike for the help lol and i'll update soon
I'm going to stay with Austin 2nite...so I WILL get to see him. yay. My mom is coming to lubbock 2nite and she said she'd bring me clothes. wasn't that nice of her?? hmmm she's being strangely sweet. but oh well it works out for me I guess. Austin doesn't get off of work til 8 but that's ok...maybe I"ll sleep or something until the OC comes on. I freaking LOVE that show.
Draco Malfoy    You chose the ferret-faced git. He is the self-proclaimed Prince of Slytherin, with the money to show for it. Maybe there is something underneath that cool exterior?  (btw, Malfoy is my favorite. :D His hair is so hot. *drool*)   Which HP guy is right for you?  lol brittney got ron so i decided ta take the quiz and i got juss who i wanted! lol
So I'm on maternity leave till January sometime, it may be longer, who knows. But I do know that I'm actually quite happy today. No responsibilites toward others except to make sure Nathan goes to school and the animals are fed and other than that nothing! It's very nice!
haye we finished making our good charlotte mix for our competition pom! its going to be awesome! im so excited about making it! its oging to be so rad. haha   cookie dough is sooooooooooooooooooooo good! it also makes me happy! it's yummy!
IM BACK, had a great time in SPAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and am looking forward to seeing everyone now, hugs for all when i see u!!!!!!!!!!!! hope everyones good and had a great week. well i'll c ya all later. byeeee!!!!!!!!!! p.s. can't wait to see u all
Spain here i come. Hope you all have a brillent week off, have fun and don't do anything i wouldn't do. shall be lots of fun, not to sure what to expect really. anywho talk to you all in a week and bye!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (have a great holiday, hugs for all)
Hey peoples. hope u is all good. was ill today but i'm sure i'll be back by tomorrow. errmmm what else.My msn aint working, how annoying.erm hugs for all and see you all soon
hey everyone, me has been ill, no fun at all. Sorry for leaving you all for a couple of days, but am really looking forward to seeing you all. can't wait. Everyones getting really huge hugs when i see them. soo err. see ya all, byeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
HELLOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!! havent updated in ages!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. how is everyone? my lifes still going great, hi-spirits as always. so lets see, i cant remember what we've done done since my lasy entry but his weekend was great, had a great time. HUGS FOR ALL!!!! everyones back at school, yay!!!!!!! looking forward to seeing everyone, farewell
Changed my mind from the last entry, I LOVE MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!! :):):):)  hugs for all, luv ya all, can't wait to see everyone, hope ure all well, bye all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hello, newyearseve was great, had a great time. trying out this new picture thing because my old one was really negative, not to sure about it though, bit compressed. oh well, byeee ya'll
hello!!!!!  today i totally fucked up my music exam, it was so funny, sang good charrlotte all the way through chemistry and that's about it, some other stuff happend aswell but i'm not going to stick my nose in. ONLY HALF A DAY LEFT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)  bye all
Ok i've spent alot of time today sleeping and doing homework , i also spent lots of time learning the bass to 'the party song' by blink 182, im pretty good at it now :) Am really looking forward to the christmas holidays now, there going to be really fun me thinks, just 3 and a half days left bye!!!!!
Today 2.00: woke up ,got dressed and had breakfast 3.00-4.50: danced to christmas music with my stuffed toys 5.00: WENT TO AIMZ'S HOUSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  yer today kicked so much arse :) was extremely fun. had an absolutly great time. can't say anymore cause im tired and i wanna go to bed bye all!!!!!!!
Fucking hell i got all the ingrediants for my costume: Santa coat, santa hat with girls plates, big fake boobs, tights and i'm not sure what shoes i'm wearing yet. yep you guessed it im misses claus. there is no way im wearing that to brentwood but whatever i'll bring a change of clothes for emergencies. Am looking forward to tomorrow, twill be great. had a pretty ok week. farewell
Hello people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm ill *sob* and the light it hurts, and i missed school. but enough moaning, today as i couldn't really do much i watched: the lion king,the video tape from my party,the video tape all you guys made me, that cheered me up alot, thanks you guys and lady and the tramp. that's about it. will hopefully be back tomorrw. farewell
I'm LEAGAL!!!! I had a great birthday. I would've typed all this stuff last night, But Nick wouldn't let me touch the computer. I think it would've been funny to see what I could type while Intoxicated.&nbsp; So here what I did and what I got....
dis iz so much fun!!!  Persephone (i tink i speeled dat right) iz reelly kewl.  We mist her a lot.    we went serfing!  and i did reely good.  abel fell off *smirK*
It's the birthday of one of my favourite people! This girl is just wonderful. Talented writer, amazing friend, and she's literally my icon fairy! We're constantly spamming each other, and no comment is ever too random. *winks*      Happy Birthday,       simplelyric   !     I hope you have a great day, honey! Your friendship has meant so much to me over the past year.
i got the dvd today! *squeek!!* found it at Walgreens for $6. that's pretty damn good, lol. i've been looking for this movie for like 5 yrs so YAY! Devon Sawa's in it. :D    http://devonsawa.org/
Helllllooooooo! Omg how strange is this! First entries r always hard to write so i'll up date this l8r, when i can think of somethin more interstin to write!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NATALIE!!! Your 18! XD  Sorry if I cant make it to any party you're having...CSUMB receptions should go burn in hell.
LAST NIGHT WAS AWESOME!!!  Stephanie, Dimitri, Maria, Jesse, Vanessa, and me telling scary stories to children at Oak Haven school.  Oh, my goddess, it was so great.  Talk to me if you want to know the hilarious details, because I don't want to type them.
I liked Brown.  I had a good time in Rhode Island too.  I'm back at work (boo!), but I'm trying to make the most of it.  Not long now until the summer.  Woo hoo!!
Happy Birthday,  Tasy !!!!   (That's MamaLaz, for those who don't know, all three of you)  You're the  Draco  to my  Pansy ! The  Seamus  to my  Hermione ! Literally, of course! ;) And I love you lots and lots and lots and lots! Have a great one! *a million hugs*
Thank you so much to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!  I went out to dinner last night with a bunch of friends, and tomorrow I'm going to see penguins with Bonbon at an undisclosed (at least, undisclosed to me) location.  For my first birthday away from home, it's been a good one :)
It's pouring down snow outside.   I know all of ya'll who get 12 feet of snow per year are going "SO?" but from a place where we may not get snow in a year..... it's gorgeous.   Will sip hot tea and watch it for a while, I think.
Can I just say that this was an awesome weekend. Don't have the time to talk about it cause 5:30 is coming way to soon but I am going to bed smileing tonight.        hollaaaaaaaaaaaa
So I went skiing this morning bright and early with the lovely ladies Lynne and Erynn. Was a good time, great day, good conditions, hot females to look, and laugh at. I would just like to say that skiing is just one of the best things to do in life. That's my story, thx for taking the time to see what was on my mind, your a good person.     hollaaaaaa
A post of many pictures is now up at my  knitblog .  There's even lots of non-knitting cuteness for those of you who wouldn't just want to see my lace-shawl progress.
Tonight I had alot of fun.  This is the first night I've had fun in DC in a long, long, long time.  I'm really glad I had a good time.  I went over to a friends house and then we played Texas Hold Em.  I broke even, which is better than losing money.  Then we went and played darts.  Well thats all for now.  peace  elliott
If you're in Connecticut and you know me, who is coming to the Blitz on Saturday morning?  Please reply to this journal entry.  If you don't know what it is, post your screenname, and I'll IM the information to you.  :)
if you want to talk to someone happy, IM me :X - anti at heart... GUESS WHAT GUYS?! we found my dog :DDDDDD i am like so freaking happy i could die, of happyness. i love trixie :D
i saw my three favorite people in the world today and its going to make my life this week wonderful...
Haha Aj. I cant believe youre a silly. Reading livejournal in the weee hours of the morning.     PS Brian- Please give me your super powers!!!
My weekend in Darlington was awesome. We were in the infield and stood on the top of the motorhome. While it waz freezin cold. The high on Sunday waz 34*. But other than that it was good except for Jimmy Johnson winning. Dale Jr finished 11th
Yay!! my mommy is coming home in like 10 mins!!! yay im soo excited.. im gana go make her some cookies :)
I GOT A JOB  I GOT A JOB I start at ALPs on Monday  $10.75 p/h (low i know) but HMO health and dental after a 90 trail and its a job so i dont have to sit on my ass all day
The O'Connor Choral   Group (led by the ever amazing Sarah Hedrick) got  1st PLACE  AT FRENCH SYMPOSIUM TODAY! I AM SO HAPPY FOR THEM!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is so totally newsworthy:   http://www.sfgate.com/chronicle/picture s/2005/03/25/032507-950x315-badreporter.g if   Maybe Jesse Jackson will visit The Finger!  *bwahahaha*
Oh my god. You don't understand how happy I am right now. AWWW! HAPPINESS!  Clerry, Marisa, and Jackie are awesome!  Awesome awesome awesome.  On a completely unrelated note, but still a happy one, check out the icon that I found! Lindsay, tell me that does not make THE BEST NEAL EVER! Oh. So hot.  (And yes, that is Chad Michael Murray. Your point?)
By the lovely and talented       adinajo   , because I said this picture needed to be made into an icon. She did a wonderful job, don't you think? ;)
Jen is absolutely beautiful. Truly amazing. A night full of compliments is a night well appreciated. What a great way to start my week.
Jen appeared in the lost and found so she's not missing anymore. We talked everything over and all is well.
The new issue of Tucson, Arizona's  In Your Ear Magazine  has hit newsstands and our web server, and is now available for perusal.  Arizona's only completely independent music publication, we focus primarily on indie and punk music in and around Arizona, but our staff has lately expanded enough to do a lot more with national album reviews and a variety of genres.  Have a look.  &lt;/plug&gt;
i had such a BLAST last night it was the best time i have ever had at the club i got to hang out with all my buds and i got to see a friend from high school that i havent seen it FOREVER it was so exciting! it was a great birthday weekend so WEEE to that but i dont got time to write much my Dad and i are going to the movies now so must dash  ta ta loves  ~Julee
well i'm all better now. i think it was just i was thinkin bout past stuff too much. like today at the drumline thing i was thinkin too much. yeah...thats y i was like that today there. whats his name brought back some memories of when i was little. but i got home and was in such a good mood again. I luv how dick makes me feel better all the time
ITS RAINING!!!!!!1 YEA YEA YEA!!!!!!!!111          AAAAHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH  HAPPY......happy.......
Got my first and second wishes granted. And the big boss said that my wage would be increased next month. This is my lucky day!
You Will Have Sex With 0 People!  Ah, things aren't looking that good for you  It seems like you haven't had sex yet  Maybe you're still young - but maybe you're sexphobic.  If you don't want to die a virgin, you've got to act soon!       How Many People Will You Have Sex With?       More Great Quizzes from Quiz Diva     i rule all that is un-sexual! amazing! --Fey
I sit here waiting. I will be leaving in about 10-20 minutes to goto the Christmas Eve service at my church. After which I will be going to a Christmas Eve party at my Aunt's house. Well I'm out.
Ohh, I messed up during the test. ;.; It wasn't that big of a mistake, but  still . Oh, well... Nobody's perfect, and I'll just try harder next time! Besides, except for the mistake, I think I did pretty well.
school tomorrow. peace out vacation. it was fun while it lasted. but not for jordan bc he cracked open his head and had it stapled shut, but nobody cares. songe is grounded, who knows. i beat gray down the mountain. so basically im the only one who had a great vacation, and everyone elses was ruined by something or another. its ok, as long as i had a great vacation, thats all that matters.
.........my feet.........  (but I worked 3 hours voluntary OT if that says anything about how i feel about this job.)
IT SNOWED   i was at baileys the WHOLE DAY o man it was coooo-wel  things we did 1. went sleddin down this hill..  2. got ready for a snowball fight  3. snowball fight 4. hit his sister with snowballs  and that took us like 5 hours  it was so fun... except there aint no more snow left.. DAMNNNN  but me and bailey wrote songs and rocked on our guitars/bass's  it was THE shit    bubi
I want Adri to feel better. I want Lauren to be Happy. I want to hang out with Magaly. I want to see Napoleon Dynamtie with Pamela. I want to get revenge on Andy because of my internal bleeding.
August 10th, 6:30 pm-8:30 pm - Driver's Ed.. FINALLY!!! I HAVE WAITED LONG ENOUGH!!  August 19, 2:50 pm - Permit Test.. I have studied and studied..
Okay, apparently there was some confusion in the last post. If you guys read the bottom, you'll notice there's a link. I know Nick has used it already. I laughed when I saw your comments. Thanks, guys, but I'm still 17. My birthday isn't until May 20. ^_^ Heeheeheeheehee. Love ya guys! ^_~
if i leave here tomorrow would you still remember me? for i must be travelling on now theres too many places i havent seen. and if i stayed here with you now things just wouldnt be the same well i'm as free as a bird now and a bird you cannot change.
I am going to see Pretty Girls Make Graves on Wednesday January 26th at Mesa Luna!  Would anyone like to see them with Anneth and I? Tickets are $12.   Also: The Evaporators and friends SPCA benefit on North Van, Saturday January 22nd. Tickets are $10. Would anyone like to see the evaporators with anneth and I? (Caitlin?)
The Carleton Ravens men's basketball team just won its third straight CIS championship last night. I'm not usually a big b-ball fan, but this run is simply incredible. Congratulations to the team, especially for its undefeated record this season.
Next week Thursday (Feb. 3rd) is our 20 week ultrasound.  We'll hopefully find out if it's a boy or a girl then!  I'm pretty excited.  Of course, I don't care what we get either way, but I'm just hopeful that Tim will be more willing to pick out names more seriously when he can eliminate half the choices (except I keep telling him, we still need a backup name!)
You can see the ultrasound at  my secret webpage . OR just a thumnail here:     The thumbnail above is our first ultrasound of the baby at about 8 weeks!
hmm..i love talking to numero 2..he makes me happy..it feels like all the bad things just go away..sigh..  i get to go to the gator nationals on sunday..yayness..i'm excited..i've been wanting to go forever..lol..  okay that was to be added to my update from earlier..xoxoxo
Canadian Women's Hockey team got gold! Yeah!  Not that I like sports of all, hockey least of all, national sport or not, but yay Canada!
well, ive decided to become a veagan, not because i have ethics but rather id like to try it out for a while for the experience. rice milk is actually rather palletable! though very sweet id prefer it to normal milk strangly enough. if anyone has any recipes theyd like to share with me id be much obliged. veaganism is so tricky! what all can u eat? lemme know please!
I rewashed yesterday's 2 loads of laundry. I finished watching Bowling for Columbine. And I got to see Vytautas today for the first time in 6 months. He cried when we he woke up , he didn't know who I was. He is such a cute baby , with big blue eyes and dimples.
The baby is here. A fine baby boy weighing in at seven pounds fifteen ounces. And very cute too. Now all I have to do is come up with a new name for Grandmother that doesn't sound so old.  And I sure hope they don't name him Rocky.
I am in a remarkably good mood today.  Max got back from his trip yesterday . And he has already called 4 times. I thinking about starting on my spring cleaning. Never actually got it started , just thought about it.
i am at a coffee house with shayla.  it has been nice to be able to talk and get some feedback, to know that i am not crazy for thinking the way that i am.  i need to do this more often.
josh has sweet guitar skills.... he also likes shaving smiley faces into his leg. i think he needs to moisturize it though. hahaha  he is such a cool dude. we are drinking coffee, reading blogs, he is playing his guitar... tim is still sleeping. haha
Sorry. Gotta be a homie to read...     ╔╗  ║║╔═╦╦╦═╗ ║╚╣║║║║╩╣ ╚═╩═╩═╩═╝   If not, you can go suck something... like an egg...
when i should be asleep i'm eating doritos and drinking coke.. and ignoring the pile of washing up *gulp*  meh  saw mamma mia! tonight - was great :D &lt;3 free tickets to shows at QPAC  laters
Tonight was perfect!! me and my sister went to the movies. . .then we picked up alex. . .and we went to the mall. . .and then we went to my hizouse. . .and it was great. . .i love my alex. . .hes so perfect. . .and he loves me not some stank ass bitch in rustburg. . .but yea thats all i really got. . .alex i love you you mean everything to me and more. . .Holly
A  BIG   thank you goes out to Sel. who made made  these  cute little sprites of Thane and Autumn. She chose perfect colours and even put the blush on Autumns cheeks (a characteristic I always draw on her). So thank you so much!
NY Times  "A judge held, in an opinion that will surely be appealed, that "no rational purpose exists for limiting marriage in this state to opposite-sex partners."     Thank you California Judge-man.  A step in the right direction at long last.
Yeah so the new incubus is surprisingly good...It has its very strong moments and some weak ones..but it happens.  I had a great night last night, thanks stephanie for getting me and such...I'll have a car soon I hope. T it was great seeing you again...looking forward to the next time already.  Lonnie get yo ass away from there.
Every long lost dream led me to where you are Others who broke my heart they were like northern stars Pointing me on my way into your loving arms This much I know is true That God blessed the broken road That led me straight to you    ~Rascal Flatts~
Phase I is completed. In short, the hair has been cut. Pictures can be found inside. I have yet to experiment with styling, so what you see is hair En Shocko. In short, it still hasn't quite figured out that it's a pound lighter. ;-) Highlighting comes on Thursday, at which point I'll be sitting for two hours while my wonderful hairperson applies gold/blonde coloring. w00t!
I am feeling happy. I just helped out 2 friends probaly more then they will ever know, unless they read this. Haha. They helped me out and it makes me feel good to return the favor. I hope it will work out with me and my girlfriend.
Things are good for me and I am happy. Things are looking up for me and I will be looking for the positive side of things.
last night was so much fun. 2 pairs of shoes+louisa+dancing to rap+giant cookie+bad smelling perfume spray= a very funny time. &lt;3  so tonight i saw into the woods, a musical at school. it was pretty good. i was impressed. our school has alot of talent. tomorrow i think im going to a show at the temple with joshua.   hope everyone is doing well.
So... Art Knitting Mills called and they said that my letter sweater is finished. It is gonna be fricken awesome. I can't wait until I get it... so I will be warm, hehe.
so.  I got a job.  its in Gardner.  woo hoo.. I teach elementary in the  morning, high school in the afternoon, and get to say "F you Old Navy!" when I go to bed at 10 at night.  :)   weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee  good christmas/new year/holiday break.
its fascinating how fast my mood can change. one minute, i'm worried i don't know what to do then the next something amazing happens and its strange because on the exact same night at the exact same time we realized it and now  i can't stop smiling
If you want to see a picture of me at ren faire in my yellow dress then go to  http://www.loopedatfaire.com/2004/0 4tul/index.html  I am in the third row first column, it is the best picture of me in a long time.   Oh and camp starts real soon, very very soon.
I had fun at a ren faire all weekend.  I did not get enough sleep either, too much fun.  Got to wear my pretty yellow dress and now I know that I need to take it in some and fix some of my boning.
The half day at school went by really fast! then I came home and sat around for a while (because I'm grounded and couldnt go anywhere while my mom was home) but when she left around 4:30 so I went to go see Kyle at mikes. Alexandra and Dillon were there too. It was really fun we watched Old School! I love that movie... I'm going to go eat dinner now... &lt;3333
NOTE:   z      No smoking around KeefsLady. Thankyou for your co-operation.     Username:     From  Go-Quiz.com   wow...it's perfect...finally a quiz that actually makes sense :)
Ok, so what I like some lyrics and decide to put them in my profile. What does it matter anyway?   Man, only two more weeks and I see Bill. This is wicked crazy. :Grins:  I'm glad to try and be there for my friends. I know what it's like to feel alone and having someone there to help me through it.
Just got back in from Dallas.Had an incredible time.Got lots of storys to tell of rednecks rejects and all sorts of brew-haha.And man did i ever meet the most Beautiful guy ive seeen........wow in a LONG LOnG time anyways im an exhausted I will fill ya in tommorow
anyone looking to rent a room contact me, heathermlean@hotmail.com, its only $200 +/mo. with lots of fun  stuff included.
yes thats right folks casey and i now have a ferret, its tres exciting! her name is addie and she is six weeks old, she fits right in your hand she is so tiny! right now im in forest loving the fall fair, hoooray for turkey burgers, caramel apples, cotton candy, and all other things that make me gain ten pounds in one weekend :) going home today to see casey and addie, cant wait i miss them both
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MATTHEW!  I hope you had a great day.  To the rest of you, if you celebrate, happy Easter.  Just got home from the Easter Vigil mass, so for us it is officially Easter, complete with SO MUCH junk food!
Just a small update to say something that needed saying:  My birthday party was loads of fun! I had a great time. Thanks to everyone who stopped by! :)  And now... off to vacation-land I go.  Wheee!
Congratulations to  Makiko Kaijima , who has completed the requirements for graduating with an MS from the  Artificial Intelligence Center .  She switched from exercise science to AI at the same time I came in to the field from philosophy.  For her thesis project she used neural networks to analyze the gait of dogs and diagnose problems with walking.
Thanks for the movie and food, guys =)  Sorry we didn't get much time to chat.  When we left Borders I thought we were meeting up again elsewhere, so I didn't really say thanks and goodbye.
Larry (my store manager) is THE coolest guy ever.  I won't go into details, since nobody can relate to the matter, but Larry is too fucking awesome.  I may actually move departments in Best Buy thanks to him.  All hail King Larry.
I didn't go to school again just because I overslept. But it doesn't matter anymore for God is too happy to care abt school. Or even my iPod! Nothing matters anymore!!!!!!
Request, and a Simba plushie. n__n  I listened to "I might be wrong", Radiohead's live recording CDs. I like it. Especially Like Spinning Plates, and True Love Waits. I haven't listened to it in...ages. I also listened to Free All Angels by Ash, great CD.
Michigan State    kicks butt!  I meant we beat Minnesota 44-38...lol!!!!  Shhhhhhh, don't say nothing       shortynak4   !!!
HEYYYY EVERYBODYYY I WAS BORED SO..... I MADE MY NEW LIVEJOURNAL.... =]]]]]]... LOL......  HeY GUYSSS ADD ME AS YOURFRIEND.... K.... LATA
A quick *wave* to       whotheheckami   , our newest Victim. Any friend of       sarah_mum    is, well, barking probably!
I've had       frag_    here since Friday, and she really is rather tremendous! She's not a little saucy either I can tell you! I'm  sore ! W00t!  Mum and Dad like her, yes really! I'm absolutely amazed, I was expecting disapproval but no! Winnar!    Bounce!    I hated taking her back to the station, but at least she'll be here next weekend, and for Batfink!
Rest, finally. Time to swim, jog and gym. Whee~~      ::Gerri & Me::   ::CKP Salad::   ::CKP Peking Duck Pizza::
Uh, if an-anyone is ruh-reading this, this is my first p-post! My name is Butters and I'm n-nine years old and I live in s-south park colorado. W-Well, I've got to go clean my h-hamster cage now, so bye.
Having seen me play with the  Mini-Mizer , Seth and Eli wanted a turn. Here's what they came up with.   Seth's self-portrait in Lego    Eli's self-portrait in Lego
I decided to make something new tonight.  I bought some stuff I thought would be tasty in a stir-fry and gave it a shot.
Went on the scariest ride of my life - a one hour helicopter ride (helicopter without DOORS) around the island.  But I got some beautiful pictures.  Here's one of my best:
I just set up a photobucket album, finally, because I figured I damn well needed one.  Partly, because I saw a picture that I wanted to share with an LJ friend.  So.
Room draw is over, and we got the room we want!  We're in room 408 next year, which is currently Dana and Annie's room.  It's a cool room.  And, I got elected secretary of the Jazz Ensemble for next year.  Way cool!
mother wouldn't let me get on the phone today..take that back. she let me get on for 5 FREAKIN MINUTES! she goes...only 5 take it or leave it. lordy she's crazy!  anyway..today was awesome!! i found out some good news (alex m. you know!!!) and then i just had some fun when school got out! yep that's how it goes with me! i have random fun!! WOOOO HOOOO!   I'M SOOOOOO HAPPPPPPPPPYYYYY!
HAPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPYYYYYYYYY BIRTTTTTTTTTTTHHHHHHHHHHHHHDAAAAAAAAAAAA AYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY MOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY YY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     &hearts;
Are you hott? by evildj23      First Name           Age           Guy or Gal           Your hottness is    10...WOW! ARE U SINGLE?!?!               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
URL -  http://img161.exs.cx/img161/2919/ho t8xz.gif   Before birth; yes, what time was it then? A time like now, and when they were dead, it would be still now: these trees, that sky, this earth, those acorn seeds, sun and wind, all the same, while they, with dust-turned hearts, change only. --Truman Capote
Kim doesn't Bryce's friend wiley look so damn hott!!!! Omg if i can find out away how to put pictures on my lj!!! and i will show you all him
What kind of pirate am I?  You decide! You can also  view a breakdown of results  or  put one of these on your own page !  Brought to you by  Rum and Monkey
I know it's a few days late, but I just want to say *~*HAPPY BIRHTDAY ANTHONY!!!!!!*~* You present will be good, in fact me and dave are going to get it today. LOL. I'll write more later.  XOXOXO ~Rochelle~
Im goin up north and Andy isnt comeing but i would of been hunting anyway i can get a deer with out himm bein there ok well im leavein in a few bye  -Drew-
I am soo happpy! I could achually cry. Well i have. Yesterday me and Polly were in the computer room at break and mainy set me the cutest email evarr. I don't want to post it. But all i can say was that it was so cute and made me feel so loved.  I did cry.  I havent been  this  happy in ages. I havent felt so loved. I have found the part of me that was broken all along (cheese on toast.)
Work and class went ok today.  After class some of the girls and I went to Shorty's.  James met me there later.  Just sat around and talked with them for a bit.  Random coments made outside.  No more writer block!  He makes me smile...  You should write it down so you don't forget it...  Well I'm tired so I'm going to be heading to bed in a bit.  Goodnight!
*HUGS* TOTAL!  give snflwrintherain more *HUGS*     Get hugs of your own       This was too cute to pass up!
my baby brother is little, cute, likes kool-aid, milk and bread... he runs around, plays chase when his diaper needs changed, he likes the computer, he likes to watch movies, eat and eat, he plays games with me like cars, and he destroys my bioncles... he likes to take their heads off   the end
well lets see today i went to joann's and i got fabric paint and made my mystery/kiss shirt. it looks good but i no i have to wait 24 hrs for it to dry and 72 hrs before i can wash it so i will have to wait but everytime i look at it i get happy and thats a lot so im pretty psyched... hmm mmm... everyones life needs a skateboard sooner or later hopefully not when your 100.
I went to a rockies game tonight in colorado- it was verrry funn!! me n danielle were screaming and now we are going to loose our voices!  i come home on saturday and i hate plane rides but ohh well  Its candace's bday on sunday sooo- HAPPY BDAY CANDACE~ 17!!     i &lt;3 u!  i hope u all are havin a great vacation - luv u all!  *~comment~*
i went to the mall last night w/ andrea and heather- It was ALOT of funn! We saw Jessie and Sienna there which was really cool and we went to a whole buch of stores! It was a really great night-(except for when heather lost her cell phone)  i luv u all soooo much!!! &lt;333333   What did u do on your friday night???   ~*Comment*~
You will live in Mansion. You will drive a pink bug. You will marry cody and have 6 kids. You will be a novelist in france.   www.playMash.com
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp;these are some of who i wish to be at orc next year, damn these guys are beautiful. ::crosses fingers::&nbsp; I'll finsh later, gots to go. OMG gooddness I am sick and I have job, this is hard, i have to work on eater morning, what about you alley??
Hey middle earth dwellers I thought i might show you these AWESOME pictures and cliacks but the cedit, MUST MUST go to:&nbsp;  http://www.orlij2.weblogger.terra.com.br/
Good days always get erase the bad days.  Today was one of those days :)  100 on the Chem test, I got accepted to be 8th grade trip counselor, and no homework... not to mention we won our game against Clay!  yeah so otherwise not really much to tell... only a week til Christmas!  God bless you all!  Much love, Fowler
Right now I am so happy. I go into my optometrist to get a fitting for my contacts, on thursday I get my braces off and work is going great.  BTW, Richards party is thursday night. So if anyone can go, please go.
Hey, I found out yesterday that I will be getting my braces off on Friday March 25th. So finally after 10 years of braces, retainers, wires and upper expanders in my mouth, they all come off once and for all!  You have no idea how happy I am. Party time! I will let you guys know when and where.  Sarah
Great day at work today, really enjoyed myself especially flirting with Elliot! Meeting James tmw in town gonna grab some DVD's or something and chat. Been thinking about him ALL day, quite scary.
All is good in the world of Mr Matthew, have an interview for the NHS job on 21st feb, good day at work today off out for my mates 18th, at work at 7am tmw tho bit worrying, thats only 9 hrs away hehe, oh well only young once! Hannah is down this weekend meetin her out tmw night, much excitement in the world! Peace.
How happy am I?! Haven't taken painkillers in 9 years in fear that I will have an allergic reaction like i did last time i took them (eyes go MASSIVE!), wasn't sure exactly what I was allergic to...well my knee is so painful i thought fuck it and took some paracetamol, no reaction at all! Have made me well drowsy but thats a normal side effect! WOOOWOOOO no more suffering lol
Yay! I'm so happy I can just, hug everyone(well everyone I don't hate)XD! -hugs every one- Yay! any ways I had no school, so i still had to do crap *tear* any ways, I'm okay -hugs Alex- Yay! He's back! -danes in circles- srry I'm a little hyper but I'm okay! -hugs Alex again- srry hugging him makes me happy! Well bie!
If any of you girls going to Prom would like me to do your hair, I will be home & ready/willing to do it!  Just leave a comment or call my cell!  I am MUCH cheaper (& better) than all the fancy hairdressers.  Let me know, mwah~! :p
^_______________________________________ ___________________^  ^_______________________________________ ___________________^  i got a new cell now....number is Oty Xsph!!!!!! no time to talk....got set it up!!!!!  ^_______________________________________ ___________________^  ^_______________________________________ ___________________^
Yay i am happy!  Thank u nelson for having me! it kicked ass! Sry for being late plow and hailen!! Yay i can't be bothered to type anything else so yay!
http://www.livejournal.com/users/arpian a/102911.html   I still think that Shep is a free-stylin' god.  Also, notice the "hey, maybe I'll take History of English!" comment from Geoff on this same post.  Ah, history in action.
5 days, 13 hours, and 49 minutes until I see my love! I'm so excited, I could pee myself. But I won't.
Well, first entry here! I'm so excited about this, it's gonna be so fun! Right, I'm Claire and I've yoinked Omi. Let's have fun with this!  Ja!
Just got an sms from my mum reading -   "had a wonderful day with u today it was nice us being together i luv u so much always will u are a wonderful person and proud to be your mother sweet dreams pet"  That is probably the most nicest and loveliest thing my mother has ever said about me.
So I'm sitting here with Jeanine and she told me that I should update my journal.  I know...I know...I suck at this as of lately.  But believe me when I say that I haven't been neglecting the 'ole LJ on purpose!  So...I will do my best to start updating again on my rediculously fascinating life ;o)
Me and       omylouse    are off to the theatre!  Yay!  This is our Valentine's treat really, cunningly timed not to coincide with Valentine's day.  And yesterday she gave me a kiss as a present!  It's silver and shiny!  Awwww!  I await your bemused comments.
I took my socks off when I got home and noticed that my athletes foot was gone. Don't know how long it's been gone for but praise God
Well... I saw that Dave linked me from his journal so I figured I might as well update with... something.  So... uh... hi.  I'm still playing WoW... got my druid up to level 60 and I got my first set piece... I must say I make it look good.  Uhm... that's about it...  Bye. :x
Woah [/neo]  Meggers had a good day, so I am happy.  I have to work tomorrow at 8:30 am... so... I should go to bed.  I'm posting because I can.  And... I'll be gone for about 8 days later this month... not that anyone who read my journal would notice... I haven't updated since what... November?
My boss just gave me Saturday morning off so I will not be a piking whore at geekend. Sorry westy, I'll make it up by being a camping whore instead.   FLAK CANNON!!!
eee! it's confirmed. I have a mouse in my kitchen. Looks like it lives behind the stove. I wonder how it got in, considering my kitchen is upstairs. It's so cute, it comes a little way from behind the stove then senses me watching it and runs away again.  hee!
today was a good dayy school wasnt to bad... after school i had singing then right after that softball came home and cleaned a little then mike picked me up :) we hung out and whateverr we got some ice cream at DQ  haha i've wanted some for so long. went to plum island for a little yayy :)
whoa.long time i dont update. maybe cuz i never know what to say anymore. wait! wait! i know!!! i love you,Michelle.
Take the quiz:  "What High School Stereotype Are You?"    Normal  You're normal. You don't quite fit into a label, you just are.Congratulations on being boring and plain.
Take the quiz:  "Who Are You In Avenged Sevenfold?"     The Reverend  YOU ARE THE REVEREND! You play amazing backing beats on your drum set.Though people don't  notice you as much you kick major ass in your own little way!
hey all why doesnt anybody give me hugs there on the bottom of my live journal user info but what is up with all of i nobody will respond expet gillian but if you do thats great to
Well the first playtest of mine and       jaquiej   's Discworld game for Conquest went brilliantly. Fun, useful comments and hillarity.       mousebane   ,       marshall_1977    & Beth, and       kirby1024    - that rocked guys. Danke!
Wow I can't believe we spent most of our vacation SLEEPING lol w/e it was needed! Today hopefully oxygen =) Had a great time lots of laughs, wine and snaka ( yes delia it is a new word!!!) oh and we still need to decide what Del's punishment is for all those demarets! All rules were broken including dry humping lol. FUN TIMES lot's of pic's here's some
Didn't do much this weekend because Roger took out his wisdom teeth so I spent most of my time with him  BBUUUTTTTT  I did get another Tat!!! I LOVE it! Super Excited, Nat n Sonia called me saying there were going and asking me to tag along and over course I went I had been  Dying  to get another =)
grab your joystick and let her be your playstation!         -from one of the audience members of the Ricky Lake show today!
krissy and gramma sue           krissy lynnie and owen     owen        margie        margie and me     me
chiara is leaving tomorrow :( nooooooooo. i'm gonna miss her like crazy. birthday in 7 days. i'm doin good.
I arrived Melb on thursday. Michelle and ky called me b4 i left thailand..so sweet of them :) The flight was very smooth, no tubulance at all. The guy who was sitting beside me was an aussie guy.. botak.. haha.. bold ... and very fat :P  oh..gotta update later.. gonna watch a vcd now oops! hehe
sorry to update again but look at this...   SiNgErChIcK36: ur tha smartest person i know   thank you whitney...i feel sooo special now!!
everybody guess what??  I MADE ALL A'S N B'S...GO ME!!!IM SOO EXCITED!!  and guess what again....             IM ON THE MATH TEAM...WOO-HOO... and i made a 98 in math...GO ME AGAIN    i have been in a good mood all day...finally bc i have been in a bad mood the last 2 or 3 days...(you can even ask whitney whitaker...haha...sorry for being snappy whitney)
On MSNBC they have the best pictures from the entire week.  http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/3842331/    My favorite is the one with the lone Lightning bolt and really interesting looking storm cloud.
1.) Copy and paste this into your journal:    monahanrm    2.) Eliminate the asterisks. () 2 1/2.) Replace "monahanrm" with your user name. 3.) See what color you are
I went camping with my family this weekend. I tried my hardest to get out of it but it was no dice. So I endured the freezing cold temps, and the boredome. It was not as bad as I thought though. It was still bad, don't get me wrong. It just had random moments of enjoyableness.
You've been warned. This entry won't probably make much sense to many people. I am just going to "clean out my mind" a little bit.
Well, it was a great xmas. I got a $50 best buy gift card, clothes, money, but most of all, I got a NEW cell phone, one that fits in my pocket and does everything lol. If u want my number im me. well thats all, l8r!
We had the party for Irene and Chelsea today.  There were two cakes.  One was a Japanese cake (vanilla with strawberries) and the other was a chocolate cake that tasted like a ding dong.  The presents were mostly clothes and books.  Nobody stepped on or was bitten by the puppies so I would call the event a success.
I could really do with getting paid by my clients...  Oh well, no point worrying about it.  Time for a drink, some food and an evening of work!
Went out last night and going out tonight.  No doubt be out tomorrow.  Going to have a quite day Sunday :).  I've got a friend coming to visit for the weekend which should be fun: this if he can navigate his way through London and find where I live :).
&hearts; Amanda and  &hearts; Bam        Likely to adopt one identical child.  Like to share their hearts when the time is right.  Are the cutest couple that there ever will be.                  Orchestrated by   ianiceboy
Gay or Not Gay?  by tashay17      LJ Name           Favorite Color           Gay or Not Gay?    As Straight as a Rod               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
bah T-T my other one was ugly according to alex grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr  tonight: went out to eat w/ becca, rafael and jared  becca met rafael and jared, got along very well ^_^  becca and jared had cigarette together  had lovely photo shoot  becca is my new woman &lt;3_
So ya i'm in St.Louis and its wicked nice out I went to the like botanical garden today and now im gonna go swimming in 2 secounds On like Thursday I went to some stupid concert that sucked and like had seats psh Then I slept over Laura's with Ana and that was pretty sweet and now poool. yesss
I just found out today that they are not selling the practice!  That they are going to continue on their original plan which was to expand the practice!  I WILL HAVE MY JOB!!!!!!!!  YEAH!!!!!  Now my stomach could go back to being normal.  This whole thing was stressing me out BAD.    YEAH!!!!!!!!!!   ***doing a happy dance***
oh my god Haku on Naratou is soooo hot I so claim the cute little evil uske boy  there has to be a million OTP with this guy! Acidraven and I had to fight over if he was a guy or a girl thankfully I was right. must must watch more yummy Haku!!
I'm 22 now.  Thanks for all the songs and the "Happy Birthday"s you've all wished me so far.  It's like we were all counting down together.  ::smile::  Thank you for the cake, Krystale!  My first trick candle!  Awww =)  -S.D.
well im at dereks house right now and we are gettin ready to go to hte movies to see ring 2!!! im ganna be sooo skurred!!   well ill update agian later    ~*loves*~
I made it to North Carolina ok and i'm having lots of fun.... I will be back home on saturday night y'all take care and i'll talk to y'all later....  Courte'Merde
Got the job at the isle of capri casino in security... have to go fill the paper work out on wednesday....
i'm naked right now. buck ass naked.  momma is out running errands for a few hours, and my dearest sister is gone for the weekend.  chris is scratching my head.  he's buck ass naked as well. it's fucking gorgeous out right now.  chris and i were gonna go lay out in the backyard naked but the damn kids next door are outside playing.  so we're gonna be go assholes somewhere else.  be jealous
Skated today at aj's and mite begoing to work with him tomarrow b/c he said i have to and i want to any way lol. well tonight i have soccer at 7:00 with ZACH BAKER!!!! u can call my cell if u need me(321-4217) i will be home 9:30-10:00 if i dont go to work i have nothing to do soo call if you want to do something bye&gt;&gt;&gt;
i am very upset with john henry pinkney...he said he dont like lindsey he loves her as a friend then he wouldnt answer me...so i guess he dont like me as a friend....
yay guys i have a valentine....his name is DELANO ORTIZ...... i asked him or i mean told him to be my valentine after school today.....haha i love him he is my best friend..... well gots to gos.....
Y'all remember the Pingu Toss game?  This is kinda similar, only it's anime, you get the odd specials and it's funnier than all hell!  You can play it  here!   My current records for...  Height:    Distance:    If anyone beats either of my records, screen cap it, send it to me and I'll post it with due credit. Have fun! :D
Hey, im doin this for william cos he wants me to do it......if any1 else wants to try it then feel frrrreeeee ;c)
HEEEEeeeeeey!! ooooooo wat a very gd weekend ..well saturday it has been!!! the 86 day countdown to the   lostprophets   concert had finaly come!! i think it was 86 days anyway!! all that waitin and it was over tooo fast......but i wil go bak to friday cos i can remember a few things about it.
Stormy is gonna post some cute pictures of us at the park.Enid cried and screamed when we had to leave. It was cute. =)
I arrived back in London yesterday, and spent a good deal of today just resting and trying to get adjusted to the time change. Andrew's bringing Dash over tomorrow, and I'll have about a week with him before I fly to Zid. I'll be holding a big party at my house there at some point and everyone's invited! More details later *grin*
today is house hunting day and we are going to check out 2 houses mmmmm i so can't wait to get outlooking foward to new begings and letting go of old and just repeating ones. it's sad that MOCCA"S house is splitting up but it time to move on anyway off to check out houses bye
thank you ellie so much 4 pimpin my lj it is so kool c ellie was here 4 me when some ppl cof cof alissa svanah olga cof cof wer 2 busy and ill da stuff ive done 4 dem.....well now its ccoler dan u guys could have dont it thanks ellie i love you and i love karen like a fat kid loves cake alright peace
Do we think I should do track or not?  and why? lol I have to make up my mind by Monday!      love you Alex!  last night was fun, I hope you feel better!!
shannon! i called like 8 tiems today! everytime was busy! "I will come to you" by Hanson IS a good song, one of their few. nothing else to say but - Megan, i hope you get better and everything works out in the end.  WORD UP
Huge thick fat birfday hugs to  Catnel!  Who is today one year older than me! And a lot cuter too. ^_^  My birthday's on the 5th, hers is on the 18th, and for that brief period between, like the syzygy of planets, we're the same age! But she's  always  a truly neat person. :)
Thank you,      pocket_entropy    and        pholph    for adding me to your friend's list!  I try never to be so pretentious as to think that I have right to add anyone to my own list. (Although I do lurk a lot through a lot of other LJ's) or even to ask that I *be* added. So it is a great honor to be added, unbidden, to the friend's list of two people I admire so much. :)
I am finally on Vacation and I am so happy. The first thing I did was get drunk with a couple of friends. It felt so good to be able to do that and not have to worry about reprecussions. I love being on vacation... now all I need is a better job so I can actually like the idea of going back to work. Okay I will write more later. Oh and a side note... in 5 days is my birthday. I will be 25!
Yes! Kick ass! I'm practically done my assignment for tuesday! Yes! Rock on! It was easy! Woohoo! YAY LIFE! *dances* I shouln't sleep on the floor anymore.   http://www.toothpastefordinner.com/1001 02/playgrounds-are-not-fun.gif   So true.
За вчерашний день только 2 хороших события(я знаю, что слишком охуел): Встреча с       snal    и    Зато сегодня... Спасибо за смс ночью, за звонок днем, за "Репетицию д.р.       reced1ff   "
I'm soooo freakin' happy....I found someone who I didn't think I could find here at UNA.  It's so freakin' Awesome.  The whole situation has left me speechless it's awesome.  Oh By the way her name is Brianna.  Have fun I'm going to work in a little bit.
Happy happy birthday Rhiannan! May your day be full of sunshine, lollipops, and rrrRRRrrr (or alcohol, whichever works)!  P.S. Sorry that I couldn't come see you this weekend, but your present will hopefully arrive soon.
i love being busy. it makes the days go by so much quicker and thank gawd for that.  last night was one of the best nights at work *sigh*  i'll write more later though, i gotta go take care of some business
Well I am now living in Hazleton with the man that I have feelings for but we are just roommate for now and I hope that someday it will be more then that.  Well I just turned 27 four days ago, man I am gettin old.  lol
hahah.. last nite manda slept overrr.. and stace was there until like 10 when she had to leave.. we were trying to do our hw.. cause we DEFF had school 2moro (2day) lol
My cure for lack of sex these days involves James Brown's In the jungle groove, nakedness, and a whole lot of dancin! woohoo
It was one of those rare Fridays with no lessons. I usually have my social survey class that day but my group decided that we shall take a break this week and give our best during the survey compilation when the completed questionnaires came in.
279 hours 56 minutes 46 seconds  That is how long my current playlist is.  Well... Not MINE... but what i have access to.  Theres more for the asking as well.  Happy. :)
the money piece of moms computer is sitting in his room. He is fiddling with it now.  His mate dropped the monitor (...) so im going to have to wait till tommorow to give her the whole lot but at least now he has something to show her.  I have a great feeling of relief flowing through me. :)
leigh Highway    Family Farm    5      Confusion Lane    21      Valley of Depression    46      Bankruptcity    156      Childbirth Hospital    211      Please Drive Carefully               Username:      Where are you on the highway of life?   From  Go-Quiz.com
It's as if i passed a boundary and everything cleared and i can breath deeply and smile.. im so iannely smiling and grinning and i cant stop.. as if ive beens wept away by a resh wind thats not goign to let me go. Strange
So I have these little spasm of worry every now and again.. but thigns are clearing. my mins is focusing and it's all amking much more sense now. I gotta give it a bit more and ill be sorted.
so my computer has been down forever but its fixed now. today im not sure what im doin, im goin over to alyssas house tonight at like 6 or so and then i think were hanging out with adam..that will be fun, i guess he's been wanting to hang out with me so who knows whats gonna happen** well im out &lt;3&lt;3
im in multimedia and boring yea we have to critique yay... anyway cant say much cuz landry's watchin so... l8er...
Hey there ppl im bored right now and i dont know how to do this crap on live journal but o well... umm... yea... so... i dont know wut to say i never do but anywayz... l8er
You scored as  Loner .        Loner             69%       Punk/Rebel             63%       Goth             50%       Prep/Jock/Cheerleader             25%       Drama nerd             25%       Stoner             19%       Geek             0%       Ghetto gangsta             0%        What's Your High School Stereotype?   created with  QuizFarm.com
I draw something '_' Because Hotaru/Yuuta always search her Fuji... I thought of drawing her one ;O; Hope you like it Hotaru~~~ *anlove*    "  How about a date ? XD "    Daisuki~ ^_^~
I saw this little 'test' on       totchi_no_miko    's LJ...and felt like doing it too XD; and this is the result O_O;
Dear Diary, hahahahahahahaha, how do you like  my new icon picture thing ?  It makes me laugh.  I have many crazy birthday stories but I really shouldn't be online.  It's too nice out!  All right i'm gone.
I got an e-mail today from a guy I was stationed with in SD.  I havn't seen this guy in 8-9 years.  I'm glad he's doing well.
The big poker game went well.  I ended up in second place.  The last hand I had pocket queens and went all in...(I had just over a third of the chips)...the other guy thought for a min and called me with K-9 off suit.  He caught a king on the flop to win.  I still went home with 1000 dollars...woo woo.
I found out today that I drew for my antelope controled hunt.  Woo woo!  I'll find out about my elk hunt early next month.  If I draw for elk I'll pick up a Clearwater deer tag for that area as well.  If all goes right there'll be a full freezer at my house this winter. Mmmmmmmm....elk chilli.
ARGHHHHHH!!!! i just typed a longish entry then computer froze when i clicked to post it!  anyway if u wanna get the gist of it, then just ask me how i am and how my weekend was.  cya guys 2morra  and BE HAPPY :) SMILE! ...if u can i h8 uncontagious happiness... just coz evri1 is in a slightly different situation...
It's here! It's here! We've started the cleaning, and I have my own place again! I officialy live on my own again!!!  I am kind of addicted to cable and computer, but I'm more addicted to living in my house... so Ill get over it.  Now to sleep. I have a long tiresome day ahead of me.  I think I'll drift off to some good ol' cable television.
One whole weekend at my grandmas by myself...well with a friend of course... Cant wait!!!!!!* Now..The decision of who's coming with me....hmm....
Here I sit ready to update since I've been too busy for anything lately.  Since we last spoke I have moved up in the world, I am officially a bartender now.  I worked my first bartending shift friday and worked all weekend.  Had a party at my house last week.  Bad part is I heard about everything second hand.  I haven't been on xbox live lately but I plan to fix that real soon.  Later
i just made out with a hipster in tight pants named johnie from ventura.     "she's lifting her dress up..."
im in la  sara is gonna be here soon  we're going to hollywood & highland  its raining  la got complicated while i was gone...
Cult of the Mac religious event in streaming form:   http://stream.apple.akadns.net/   edit: oops, link fix..
The Spirit rover has  landed  on Mars and deployed properly!  Flash presentation with more content:  here   Major score here for NASA!
To celebrate my site update, I am giving away a FREE jar of Manic Panic in HOT HOT PINK to the first person that has an order of $25.00 or more.
I will continually post up pictures of my niece after my sister sends them to me. Today has already been a really nice day.  I'm thoroughly happy.  The first is the most recent picture of her... notice her hair is finally growing!    This was her last summer:    Some random photos:        And my favorite, her first halloween:    I love my family.
Well here it goes, there seems to be not much to do...nobody's posting anything on the forums I whore are posting, the solar empire games I'm in arn't running and I have no money to go anywhere.
more people are lj-interested in anime than sex. i think that's fantastic.  tonight i realised that i cannot possibly be happy living anywhere where it doesn't snow. as long as everything and everyone is cloaked in glistening powder, nothing can ever really be that bad.
But before that happens, I need to pick a cover. And write a song, but that's beside the point. So help me pick a cover! Go  here  and vote!  Weather is awesome today!
:-D My laptop is finally fixededed! YAY! hehe. Maybe now that I have a computer that's not dog slow I'll write in here again :-P  *scurries off to gym*
jonsiexxx   , you are truly one of a kind.  I wish you a very happy day, and a fabulous year to follow.  I am really glad I know you and that I've had the pleasure to meet you in person.     I send you numerous gropes and snogs!
it is cold outside of my window waiting for the decent thaw sos i can play sports sports are cool have you ever played baseball? it is a pretty fun sport I hope to play every week  this summer and spring maybe even in the fall too oh crackers....i dislike the morning
three minute recap. saw the loved ones = one of my favorite bands. scraped together a mediocre demo and handed it to mr. dave hause. spent the day with brandi nine times in a row. didn't see her for a day and was deathly ill the next day. she came over and today i feel great. ANYONE ELSE SEE THE CORRELATION?
Kent  and  Scott  need dates for prom.  Any takers?  EDIT:  I also have their phone numbers if you would like to directly contact them.  Just IM me or leave a comment here.
Best Valentine's Day EVER! For anyone ever! I love you Julie... I love you... If my brain was in working mode right now I'd be able to properly say how much I love you because that word doesn't fully convey what I feel for you... but until then all I can say is that I love you and wish that you were here with me right now.
happy new years... woop woop.                                       ^^^^^       id like to thank tom. cuz he's awesome.  before midnight was alright, at midnight sucked, aftermidnight was very  much better.  me and matt are friends now, more than before at least.
I'll show you mine, if you show yours first. lets compare scras, i'll tell whose is worse.   If love is labor i'll slavr till the end
Charlie and the Chocolate factory   http://www.dtheatre.com/read.php?sid=28 74        Corpse Bride   http://www.apple.com/trailers/wb/corpse _bride/medium.html
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
neverletitgo    is having a birthday on Monday.  Lets all take the time to wish him a happy 24th!! I know it's early!
Finally, a month into school my computer is up and running.  Well actually it was up and running last week, but Live Journal was BLOCKED!!!! Something about it being misused last year!! What the F?   So after begging the technology head he removed it from the "bad" list and I can read and post without going over to my friends apartment or the public library!   *Happy Dance*
I AM 43% EVIL GENIUS!      I want to be evil. I do evil things. But given the opportunity, and a darn good reason I may turn to the good side.  Besides I am probably a miserable evil genius.   Take the EVIL GENIUS test at Fuali.com        I'm Dr. Evil!  WOO HOO!!
YAAAAATTTTTTTTAAAAAAAa~  My dreams are coming true!  i'm finally getting a new computer wahee~!!  Yus, all fine and good, plus I got a new job today and put in my notice to my other job BWAHA!!  Yup, that's about it XD
i was up till 4;30 this morning with the best 4 friends a girl can have....carrie ,samatha ,Charlotte & Miranda.  happy new year
I found my bag! Yay! Everything was in it except for my calculator (this will be the second or third time I've lost one) and my makeup (mascara and four or five lipcolors). But may permit, my cell phone, and ID were still intact, thank god.
JULIAN AND I ARE GOING TO      SPRING       STATE    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!
I made more of those chocolates that everyone loves.   (This is not helping me in my quest to lose weight). I made them to use up the rest of the heavy cream I had. Come see me if you want any.  Oh yeah, and they're just plain butter flavored.
Over all i think i had a good day. i feel accomplished. i went to school well half of the day, hung out with carley, worked. i made good money for what kinda bussiness we had. i work a double tommarrow it sucks ass but i needa car like soon. yeah i really dont have any thing else to say to the general public...
Pro: Met great guy, am very excited. I think I will see him on a regular basis, and I am pleased.  Con: Guy is taking up a lot of spacing off time and girly ideas abound -- job search is draining enough without this wonderful distraction!
I performed my Poem to my theater class and my sub teacher liked it! ^_^       My 1st poem was crappy and I didn't liked it that much and so I found another       poem.The poem I picked was Sam's Song at the Orc tower in ROTK and I memorized       it mad. So...I'm a happy little hobbit rite now! Weeeeeeeeeeeeee!! XD
I just got back from Tess's house. After school I walked there and it was so beautiful. It's not that far away, and I love walking through campus area when the sun is shining. I found her house and called her to let her know I was outside. She opens the door and we both scream and jump and hug eachother.
As it's obvious I hadn't the heart to delete this journal, I'm back.  So first things first, how's everyone been?  I want details people, what's new?  I've missed you.
Bicephalous – (pronouced bi·cef·a·lous)-Bicephalous means Having two heads.  As in,  I saw a bicephalous circus freak.  Or for those two-faced Geminis,  Boy, do you blow hot and cold; stop being bicephalous.  Incorrect Usage, She plays for both teams,if you know what I mean: bicephalous.  It sounds a little like two syphilis too, doesn't it?
Today I discovered that Hershey's is offering a limited edition Cookies and Mint Bar.  Not sure if everyone remembers these, but they are delicious.  They were taken off the market, I guess about 6-7 years ago.  But, for a limited time, they are BACK!  And I am HAPPY!  ::eats massive cookies and mint chocolate bar::  Yum!
Cyan's getting married...and I just found out that Kristen and Jeff are tying the knot!  Well damn!  Whose next?  ::sideways glance towards       lampetia   ::
It rained rottwiellers and persians today, and I got a damn good drenching. Quite refreshing if you ask me, but the bad part was sitting in class. White people smell bad when it gets wet, and if you ask Jared Giles, he would agree. He refused to get on the bus in high school because "it smelled like wet kids." Oh yeah.
Birthday to me! Today's my birthday. If anyone wants to get me something, give me money. That's all!  Kthanksbye.
I WAS gonna log on and write a crabby little post about how I was feeling down...  But I came home, have the house to myself, my computer was on and connected with no apparant network problems at all...and someone very dear to me spontaniously messaged me with words of comfort that made me feel really good. All these things combine to form a Voltron of happiness in my heart.
*does happy dance*  I got tickets for Nine Inch Nails' Manchester gig in July! YES!  And I move into my new flat today.  Today is a _good_ day.  J.
Ms. Haberman is awesome!!! I gots Lostracci!!!! who is allergic to tobacci!!! Haberman offered the sixth period Barry class but I simply responded          In conclusion, from one to awesome, high school will at least be awesome with the addition of Lostracco...
Oh yeah, I rock. I made a C on my math test. That should get me off probation for a while. I hate word problems! I wish they'd word it in a way that made sense. Who cares about stupid trains going 52 fucking miles an hour? I hope they crash and DIE! If it was about getting your cock sucked how much money you could make in a week, I would so ace that class.
I had a great weekend (except for when MN beat us in hockey on Saturday night).   Too bad it's back to the real world now.
hey everyone.  i'm in tokyo with yuriy, caitlin (sunny), and dave.  we arrived last night around 5 pm local time.  right now we're hanging out in the ginza district, doing some window shopping at the 4 story apple store, where they happen to have free internet.  earlier today we went to ueno park and the tokyo national museum.  i have to run.  the store is closing.
Sooo anyways  Im extremely head over heels In Love with this amazing girl, and unfortunately she lives kinda far away...but its okie.....and i really miss this
I would just like to take this opportunity to say I has a splendid day today.  I may not have done anything super exciting, but I enjoyed my day.  I would also like to thank everyone who helped me pass my day while I was at work.  I really enjoyed myself.  Thank you.  I am now going to finish my drink and go to bed.  Nighty-night.
Thanks to everyone that came to my brother's birthday party yesterday. It was a LJ gathering of sorts. Good times. Good times. Nothing says birthday party like Wooly Willy and those glasses with the fake nose and mustache!
Transfer finally came through.  We leave on the 26th, arrive on the 27th, and I start in Raleigh on the 30th.
Hey guys and gals just made a live journal.  Probably looked like crap but paige is helping me and she super smart so it should be looking pimp when i figure out how to use this system.    Marc
I got to talk to D yesterday *big grin*.  Was very nice and it's now only a week till i get to see him again... YAY!!!
Was a wee rock star last night. Got into Cheetah for free. Got into Purgatory for free. Ha!    Yeah. Am still nigh broke.    Have had two really, really good weekends in a row. *nod*    Any way we can speed up this upcoming work week and make it go by faster? *whine* Fuck work.     I loves me some baby chicks!
surprise burlap hearts with a request of "be mine" and red carnations is a pretty good way to make a gal happy at work. :D  don't let the man get ya down.
the past couple weeks have been really great. so many good things have happened that the stupid annoying shit doesn't matter. i still can't help but miss those conversations. outkast on the grammy's was so cool. &lt;3 l8rr.
I finally got to see The Notebook which I had been wanting to see for a while now.  I was afraid it might depress me do to a lot of different things, but instead it did the opposite.  And in the end I guess all I can think about is damn I wish I could be so lucky in life as to die that way.
Just got home from the Phi Mu Alpha Retreat, and now that I have showered off the smoke and dirt off, I must say, I had a great time. It was a great chance to grow together, and grow closer to my brothers, but I must say at the same time, it was great to get away from my normal life... Away from work and such...  Anyway, hope everyone else had a great weekend, because I had a great one myself!
Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to help me find the meaning and significance of this phrase:  Quedam gens sine capite dicta vel reputata vagans veniet.
please, come and check out m new photos on Flickr. which i love.  http://www.flickr.com/photos/81255334@N 00/?saved=1
Yo mama so stupid when she saw the NC-17 (under 17 not admitted) sign, she went home and got 16 friends  Is it a bad sign when the comedian has to explain that NC-17 means, under 17 not admitted. then the jokee, is in question as stupid as yo mama.  i would be intrested to hear any thoughts on this matter of yours, fellow LJer..
Today was good, it was alot of fun. I hung out with some people, and heard some amazingly funny stories, that i'm still cracking up about, my god. i got a pretty bad grade on my culture fair paper, but my board was freaking amazing. lucas is coming over and i think we're heading over to state to chill at the sweet hotel in tacoma.   more later.
today i made cookies from scratch with Baobei.   topsecretrecipes.com  props to mrs. fields. ;)  MAD tasty yo.   Can you feel the BUTTah? two whole sticks...
It seems they cannot leave their dream. Theres something moving in the sidewalk steam, And the lamb lies down on Broa-oa-oadway.
new iconses!  I CRUSH ALL YOUR HEADS!  Also, the apartment is now FINALLY finished!  Couch came on Saturday and the table finally came today!  Huzzah!  And there is a package for me at the post office, which means my mom sent me my quesadilla maker!
Your running a case against me  Prosector judge and jury  we had this conversation in your head  cause i wasnt there you made up what i said  or what i would of said you know me so well  you heard how i am and how im going to heaven knows  we never had this conversation or should i be calling it a condemnation  cause your not listening to me
I broke my dads car.  3000 dollars kind of broken.  Merry Christmas Jessi- 2 new wheels!!  yeah thats about all thats happened lately.
Crybaby is such a good movie.  "you got it baby.  you got it raaaaw."  haha, ohhh man.   today was so nice out, I can't wait for school to be done with though.
Had the cable installed, and got the wireless all set-up this past month. I am once again connected to the Information Super-Highway&trade;.  I suppose all this means that those pitiful few who actually still lurk here may expect to see some real entries in the near future. Exciting, huh?  Yeah, I just know you are all on the edge of your seats.
Back in AZ.  2 more days, ill be home saterday afternoon.  this is all crazy to me, i have work allready schedualed, im working the night of the 4th, my first fullday home. Hot as fuck, i miss the humidity of san antonio. im afraid for my life to start again.
Happy Birthday to Lynnzy!!  Well, there's a whole lotta alumnis crawling up and down the walls of IPSR. There's a lost mobile phone and Gerarld is a dickhead. Xtian can also count as an irritating person. But Gerarld is frigging asshole.  I am a good girl! Yeay!!
Pirates! =)   Go Massachusetts!   Mad drummers, they were amazing.   Groinne, Louise, Jeff, Kiera.  Gotta love the pom poms =)   Jeff and his friend that I've met too many times to ask his name again.   Jeff, other guy I don't know, and Mitch   Jeff and I =)
Colorado for fall break was fun:) Ben Casa Bonita was everything you said it'd be...bad food, good entertainment, I liked it.  I was stupid though and didn't bring any homework on the trip and now i'm kickin myself.  Gavin, Ben, Jonah, and Travis thanks for being such awesome gentlemen! now its back to the grindstone...
So, I haven't really had all that much going on lately. There really isn't anything that I have to update on. I am pretty much back on track with classes since my grandmother's death. I had a pretty good weekend, so I really don't have any complaints.  Well, I am just writing to say "hi" to everyone. So, whatcha gotsta say about that!? :P
all right, tonight is going to be a fun night, because i get to finnaly use my airsoft guns against people not just targets. i am so excited and i didnt drink a pepsi for 28 hours but then i just needed one cause i wasnt feeling good but now that i hade one i am all better =)
So today was very stressful and extremely long.   Trev came home and told me all about his trip, sounds like he had lots of fun, but I'll let him tell you all about it tomorrow.  Since he's home that means I don't have to write a journal everyday anymore (I really don't know how some of you do it!). I think I'm getting sick so I should probably go to bed. Later
Ok, ok I know that everyone hates Valentine's Day and thinks it's a stupid coporate holiday and I couldn't agree with you more. Yet, at the same time I couldn't let it pass by without letting all my Valentine's out there know that I care about them. So I hope you all have a great day!!  love ya all ~Randall~
I just want to thank Nicole for making a bad night a good one. Thanks, I missed our nights of endless driving and making fun of boys...lol...they really are dumb. ~Emily
I am for the first time in a week, going out somewhere that isn't the doctor!!! Do you realize how exciting this is?!?!?! Thank god.....finally out of the house!!!! And this people is why I love my sister so much.....that and many other reasons..lol. ~Emily
I’ll update a little later this week; however, I just wanted to post Denise’s away message tonight…it was just so sweet!!   “I love Joel soooooo much....no one even knows!!!  Thank you for everything you do...it doesn't go unnoticed...even the simple things are so much better with you :-)  I &lt;3 Joel!!!”  I love her so much...
wow. it's already march. gee wiz. already have some plans made for the weekend. should be fun. not much else going on. just thought i should update. schools been weird lately but in a fun way i guess. most of today was entertaining..probably shouldn't get into that on lj, lol. gonna go now.
Chocolate covered eclairs are almost as good as sex.  I have to say, gluttony is a close second for my favorite deadly sin.
overcastskies's LJ stalker is brandnewkey!      brandnewkey is stalking you because you made a nasty comment on their LJ. They are also getting with your significant other!       LiveJournal Username:       LJ Stalker Finder  From  Go-Quiz.com
There is a HUGE chocolate birthday cake in my kitchen. It is homemade and very yummy.  We want to eat more, but it will probably make us ill. We should leave some for the actual day as I have the pleasure of a 3 day birthday celebration (that means Friday night to Monday evening).  I think I have overdosed on cocoa...
i honestly can't remember the last time i was this happy. seriously, it sounds like i'm rushing or that i'm infatuated all middle school style. but this could not get any better....it's absolutely perfect.  [edit] apparently, it can. if only i ate seafood..... [/edit]
Best. Birthday. Ever.  (AND I got 22 pages done of my 48 page spec. script of seinfeld done in 5 hours. GO ME!)
Yup I went to the American falls and took some pics. It was really cool. My friend Jen, that works with me came over and we went for a drive around the island. Then I think I made her night by walking around Tops Groccery store for a little bit. She's really cool, too bad she lives in Buffalo.   http://www.squidzuki.com/buffalo-031120 05/
It's funny how sometimes you assume the worst and get something sweet instead.  (Satyr's Note: Hm... not enough to warrant a title and a label of poetry or (terribly short) prose. But I felt like writing it.  Why don't I ever write longer things anymore?)
Wow, what a day! It has been a really great Lord's day and I am always thankful for Sunday that I can come into the house of God and worship Him, and fellowship with my fellow brother's and sisters in Christ. Before I go on.     HAPPY BIRTHDAY     R       feawath    ! Hope you liked the card and hope you had a wonderful day!!!
"something tells me this is going to make sense, something tells me it's going to take patience, something tells me that this will all work out in the end.."-relient K  will write more late, all i can say is that when one door closes, definately one mroe opens...
I HAVE AIM! i am dutch well now let me think, i'm dutch something...ahhh yes i am DutchVamp! YES! Emma jackie you are no longner on!
Yesterday was FANTABULOUS! XD!!!  I hope to have many more days like yesterday.   Except for being uber sick.   Cause that bit monkeys.  I was uber sick today, too.   That, also, bit monkeys.
I WENT TO WAIHEKE AND IT ROCKED! I really, really needed it. Lucia and Arena and Snee are wonderful and L+A+I did lots of walks around the rocks and to the island and...highly piratical and I loved it lots. :) I want hot lj mood icons. Hmm.
best birthday ever. thank you, guys, for making this the best birthday of my life. especially you, katie -- even though jrev wasn't for me, it still made the day frigging awesome. i even loved my wiggles cake. here's to hoping next year's birthday can be half this good  close
finally, i get to see the coolest roomie in the world...she is coming down...we are going to have so much fun...i can't wait  you can tell that i have been out of the office for the past few day since there is so much to do but not enough time to do in ... and the boss is stressed out since no one the needs to be here is here...this sucks...boss leaves at 2pm...1.5 hours and counting
I'll update on camp laters...  I'm going to be going to work less now cause they won't need me as much and I won't have a computer *another lady is coming in*.  This is good because I can start focusing on school more.    later taters! Yesssssssssss
Well today marks our three month, thats pretty awesome I must say.  It's been the best three months of my life, and I'm lookin forward to many more.  Love you Holly.
OUHWEE, 21.2. SnooP in ConCert... I am still flashed and shocked yuhaha damn that was HOT and THE GAME preview act... This is how I do..u can belive me :D woooow this man is mean... ok stop! .. and i met my BOY..he's an absolute #1 Cuteyliciouzz maybe i am in love ... oh my god. no comment. bye.
today was one of those days that I think I'll wind up looking back on fondly quite a bit in the future.  EJ, I forgot all the quotey things I was going to put in here. Do you remember any of them?  In lieu of quotey things:
You scored as  Eline Cynici . ELine dskjfl;dskj hard name to spell -.-       Eline Cynici             67%       lauren             50%       fdkjh             50%       I like noodles             44%       Kelise             33%       STEVE             17%       MIlo             17%       Aubrey             0%        more firends of Steve   created with  QuizFarm.com
I don't want to be here at school. I just want to go home and play the sims game and make my sims fall in love with other sims. I want to play that game so bad. If you know what I am saying. I am addicted to that game as you can tell beause I keep on talking about it. I am so happy that I am getting my homework done and I don't have to worry about it.
I love snow days, and it came at the perfect time, 'cause I was in no mood for going to school after last night. XD   Lovelovelovelovelovelove snow and snow days. Yes.   Today was wooooonderful.
nobody needs to comment on the irony of the fetus girl having a fetus of her own...believe me, everybody's all giggley about it. but i do think i might need to put a new sticker on feto packages:  WARNING: close proximity to fetos may thwart all birth control attempts.    love, rachel
Inspired by the 2004 Movie Soundtrack (thank you Meg!!!!!!!) but also because I've been wanting to draw this dress.  And really, a fluffy fluffy white cat in a fluffy fluffy white dress . . . how could I resist?  (She's still Christine, though, and not movie!Christine.  I just adore this dress.)  And the starts in her hair scanned really badly but oh well.
Retouched and rescanned this, primarily for Cass, who seems to get good use out of it.  Now it's not four times its actually size and will (hopefully) resize better for iconage.          From the  Beautiful  Counterpoint.  Loving portrait of my Sister.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY STACIEEEEEE!!!!!!    &nbsp;  ♥♥♥  i hope you had an awesome birthdayyyy! &lt;3!!!
Your love is... by   ChibiMarronchan        Your name is...           Your kiss is...    breath taking      Your hugs are...    friendly      Your eyes...    burn into my heart      Your touch is...    irresistable      Your smell is...    beautiful      Your smile is...    entrancing      Your love is...    unique               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
So not much has been going on, school, drivers ed, homework, computer, sleep. thats basiclly been my days. lol our volleyball banquet was last night it was a lot better than i thought. haha nicole cari and lindsey i loveee you guys
so everyone, i am really excited. i am going with danny to prom. i am so excited for it now, if only i knew what day it actually was... haha. well that seemed like big news to me. anyway, have to go take a nap or something before my meeting.  --morgan
i'm glad you came to play, our fun and learning never ends, here's what we did today!  i love barney... (i am apparently spending too much time with children, lol.)
An hour and a half wait is a  long ass  time for a stupid piece of paper.  Luckily, I had my sketchbook with moi :)
marharharharhar &lt;-- thats how i laugh now ahahahahahaa...*cough*....i mean marharhar :D  i'm soooo excited i get to go to fremont for spring break. hehehehe i taste really good...mmm no i'm not a weirdo freak, i just got this really awesome edible lotion and spray stuff haha   oooooh and i learned how to play the harry potter theme song on my violin hahaha i'm so lame -_-;;
LOOK AT MEEEE! I'm so pretty~! I want to glomp myself! ^^; Only...hm. I wonder who's me? I should go find them!
last night i spent the night at my cousins house and we watched anchorman it was pretty funny. theni went bowling with lauren and chris. it was quite interesting. i like suck at bowling and the 1st game i got a 65 the next 2 dont remember and the last game is i thnik the best ive ever done...i got an 85 yay!
well thanks 2 my brother shawn my questions have been answered!!! Me~How do "do not walk on grass" signs get there? Shawn~ carefully Me~Why is it that when adults have multiple personalities it's schizophrenia, but when a child has imaginary friends it's cute? Shawn~cause adults are stupid
hmmm...well  friday was a half day. Lauren came over and we went to mcdonalds then 2 my house and played ping pong then we decorated ping pong balls cuz we got bored and played video games then we played more ping pong until she left!yay! lyl  brooke
I cleaned up my desk here at home today! I know that's not very exciting, but it made me happy... my little corner is all organized and pretty.  The rest of the house is still all clutter-y, but I'll worry about that later!
heya guys...  i'm in tampa...more about my first week of actual disaster relief work sometime tomorrow.  :-D
"So anywho I know many of you are going to be pissed or upset for this reason, why I dont know because you should be happy for me, but I asked out my friend Missy last night because NON of you took the intiative lol. SO without further a do I am taken now." That is all.
Heck yes I'm going to Fuquay on Friday!  Also, Hannibal Lecter is so freaking cool.  I would hit it if he promised not to eat me.  Or you know, feed me people.
On the behalf of Philip, Angel and I, We would like to wish you all a Merry Christmas and a happy new year! woo hoo see you next year all!!!
Tomorrow will be the big day on which me and       iberianbear    will be heading towards guerneville....  I hope we won't leave anything forgotten at home.... I'm specialist on that.  Ok... lazybear is waiting... I hope this will be lots of fun,.. Now sleeptime before going there... I can't wait
Finally I closed the dates for going to SF from Dallas! I'll be there in SF July the 9th! YAY! I'm violently happy!!!
What color would you choose for a jazzmaster electric guitar?  And what color pickguard to go with it?  If anyone says pink or purple I will yell at them.  I'm so excited right now!
Mac mini    iPod shuffle   Ahh, yes. Two giant leaps closer to Total Apple World Domination. *rubs hands in wicked glee*
I've said it before and I'll say it again, I have a lasting hatred for all forms of randomly-generated meaningless livejournalled meme content. However, this result, from  cyborgname.com , is too unspeakably perfect not to shout out to the world:
you know those entries where someone says to: add up the lettersinyournameanddividebyyourwhatever thendothisdothat and you're supposed to come up with something meaningful? and it just looks stupid and time consumingly NOT something you're gonna do?  try this. post the 1st comment ever made to your lj.  here's mine. *iloveyou* (perfect in pink)
Armor protects us but limits us.  Not feeling pain but not feeling pleasure.  The acorn in its hard shell is safe but cannot grow into the oak until it sheds the protective covering.  You cannot really love until you lose your armor.  Yes, open to love leaves you open to hurt...but would you rather see black and white or color, mono or stereo?  I know my choice.  I can dance without armor.  :)
not much is happening over here.   i got my computer fixed.  hopefully next week i'll have internet. i'm home tonight and my dad's in a play.  maggie is coming home tonight.   monday we are going wedding dress and bridesmaid dress shopping.   i want to go to japan.
heyy!  monday was a snow day! jess came over and we hung out and then went &amp; saw Hitch. it was soo cute! i loved it!
hey you! last night we went over to erin's..it was me jess justin alex jason zak steph &amp; reva. and then laterrrr brad brandon &amp; tommy (gross) came over for a few, but i was leaving.
i deleted the last entry, i dont know why. cause i decided no one was gonna do it. except obviosuly the 2 people who already did(dash &amp; im thinkin jason)
I sit here listening to the movie "Finding Nemo" and have just finished my dinner. Dad got a new kind of trail mix, and he bought two bags so I jokingly hid it, but forgot where I put it so we kind of considered it not here. Well, I wanted to find it, so I went and I did! Yum! I am full. Such a good Friday.
I just found out that "Destiny." is a finalist in the MultiVision Media Showcase Competition! If it wins, there's money involved...  It's cool, though - just being a finalist is a great addition to my resume.
January 18th, baby!    Awesome.     Damn, yet another thing to put on my "to buy" list. Guess I better work on finding some money.
"baby when i'm falling asleep, i think about you do you think about me"  off to see my honey in a bit :D
&nbsp;heyy theres me!!!! yayayyayaya im famous !!!!!!!!! they love me the really really love me:) heyy heyy also im with autumn lol were havin a blast-o-rama come join all you have tyo do is be 18 years or yonger so i dont bring poeple that will rape me&nbsp;&nbsp; yayayayyayayayayyaya lol love ya (818)312-0787
My computer is finally fixed! Im so happy! its been long since it functioned well, the color isnt 16 bytes anymore and its been upgraded to XP...I sounded like a dork,but who cares Im really happy,'cause my computer's finally fixed...I just hope it'll stay this way...
Well, since the spectre of the LiveJournal has reared it's ugly head again, so I thought I'd add a post so that you all know I'm alive... oh who am I kidding, the only people who read this are the people I see on IRC every day :)  Umm, yeah, well... HI EVERYBODY  I'M DANCIN' LIKE A MONKEY...
Today was rather good.  There was school...and then there was track...and then i came home and watched Diagnosis Murder:)  I haven't seen that show in ages and kelly and i were just talking about it earlier.
This is an awesome thing to notice, let me tell you. I'm certainly not letting up the gym thing anytime soon.  Oh, Jugo Juice Protein Shakes &gt; Booster Juice. Better tasting, cheaper, same amount of whey protein.  WIN
I had a great weekend!  We all went bowling last night and I didn't do too bad.  Didn't win...but didn't do bad. :)  Tonight we just had a chill night.  It was nice to have one of those.  OH!  And I got new shoes today...I love new shoes.
You are LaFawnduh. Why are you so sweaty?      Which Napoleon Dynamite character are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla     yay im lafawnduh
Aww, I &lt;3 Freddy! I had such and awesome ride tonight.  He so perfect...and precious! lol (that was for you sam!)   haha ok, I just had to get that out.  today was a really good day. nothing super exciting happened but i ended up doing really well on my chem test, bio test and chem lab, so that made me happy!  anyways, i'm off to have a shower.  see most of you tomorrow! :)
never in my life has a weekend felt this good. holy fuck.   districts.   BANG! straight 1s. (and a kickass performance)  poetry shit--DONE!  sleep--ACTUALLY ACHIEVED!! beautiful. so beautiful. i can finally FINALLY relax.
I got a visit from shreyo allison chris and peter.. that was very nice and it made my day! thanks guys! Oh yeah. my ankle is broken
I just want to let everyone know that I'm really really really happy right now. Not exactly sure why but I am. Granted I don't have everything I want right now, I am surviving and am plenty happy with what I do have. Much love to all! :)
As a prelude to a real post, I thought I'd mention that I am worth a whole $1,784,744.00, according to www.humanforsale.com... Interesting...
sry havent updated in awhile,schools ok got a 67 in english :( mommy aint to happy bout tht ahha but my dad doesnt care. yeah yankees up 2-0 haha 1918 fuckers!. yeah ok nothing else to write   alyssa- love ya   timbo
HOORAY for love! We are back together again!  My rollercoaster life continues on.  I want to apologize to anyone I offended by saying I was leaving. You all have been very caring and supportive. It means alot to me!  I had my wisdom teeth out today and I am starting to swell up like a chipmunk right now despite tons of ice! Oh well at least it is over with.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY OLIVIA!!!!!!!! UR THE BIG 1-4!!!!!LMFAO!!! HOPE U HAVE AN EXCELLENTE BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!WE LOVE U!!!!!!   SIGNED CHENISE AND BLAIR  EVERYBODY GIVE OLIVIA YOUR BEST WISHES EVEN IF U DONT KNOW HER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THANK YOU!!!!!!!!
Which Peter Pan Character Are You     brought to you by  Quizilla     You know, that would be so way cooler if they used the correct form of the word 'you're'
holy fuck its snowign liek a bitch. today was good. i made gumbo, and everyone (including bob the security guard) thought it was hilarious. the gas leak bullshit was cool/weird. im glad we missed classes. lunch was fun as usual.   i'm starting to think things over/look at people in different ways. its weird. but i like it.
well today was good... went to work had a fast day got out of there early :) the after that i had to go to a different store to pick up some cheese went to do that then headed home. I think i'll hang out with my lil bro tonite i havent hung out with him in a good while.  Tomorrow i need to get started on HW and to study next week is finals! i wanna do good in my classes.
today sucked but im happy cause tomorrow im skipping school because  1. i dont want to go 2. i would be in privetts class all day 3.all my friends are skipping 4.its raining and my hair will look bad 5.because i can &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; life is good
My Best Friend Matt and his Wife Rachel have given me one of the Best B-day gifts ever. As matt put it " its 1999 all over again april 29 genitorurers w/ pitbulldaycare we are so going thats your b day gift!" I am unbelievably stoked! Thank you both you fucking Rawk!!!
It was nice being back in Vancouver for a few days at least.  I had fun watching Trevor in the race, nothing of which had to do with him being in a wet suit.  Nope not at all.  We'll probably stay here for a bit.  We haen't really discussed whether we'll just stay here or go back to the cabin.  I love the city, but I'd be lying if I said I'd choose it over the cabin.  We shall see though.
*sigh* We can home to Vancouver for a few days.  Yesterday was Fin's birthday and we went to celebrate.  Much fun was had by all but I just had to share a little something...        Is that not the cutest thing ever? *g* I so love.  I'm done now
Our own beds!!  (103 degrees, but you can't ask for everything...and feels like that IN the house, too.  Comes from having the air off for 8 days, at least the last 5 of which were over 100 degrees.)  At least we didn't drown in the Boston downpour, and we got out of there, with various trials but at least no plane fuel leaks this time.  Report to follow when I'm not dropping from exhaustion.
My violets and crocuses are blooming!!  Makes me very happy to look at them!  Spring may arrive this year after all.
Just seeing these pictures of him struting his stuff made me forget why I became depressed in the first place. LOLZ. ;D ;P *singing*
We got the place!!!!!  I called this morning and we got it!!!!  Just need to tell Rich, and we'll be golden.  AND! To top it all off, we qualified for the 1st 2 months @ 1/2 rent!!!  We'll have an address and what not later on in the week.
I proposed, she said yes :)    So now, Lindsay and I are an official engaged couple ring and all.  Oiy, now comes the planning stuff...but for now we're just going to revel in the fact that we're newly engaged :)
ramothhe     is a friend of       neochichiri    who I work with...she added me to her friends list.  Yay for being popular ^.^
i have just had two of the best nights.  last night was dinner at the art museum - where i received two hugs and a referral to MERCEDES!!! fyi - $100/plate also, sweeney's for $3 all you can drink and the night ended at murphs. sean and i = unstoppable at darts   horizontal stripes do not work on morbidly obese people.  goodnight. i love you.
WOOHOO, Sweet 16, baby!  And Coach K surpasses UNC's Dean Smith in all-time NCAA tourney game wins!  I found my old Brita pitcher behind a pile of junk as I was packing today.  I'd been drinking the nasty tap water for so long that I'd forgotten how good Brita-fied water tastes (and yes, I ran the pitcher through the dishwasher and replaced the filter before using it :P)
mewimakittie is officially dead.  Her newest embodiment will be that of foreverburgundy.   For people that just don't get it:  http://www.livejournal.com/users/foreve rburgundy
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday yesterday, whether in your own journal or in comments in my journal :-)  I was so feelin' the love with the LJ posts and comments and the e-mails from family members and phone calls from family and friends and just MMMMm Happiness :-)  My friends rock :-)
Das war's! Technisches K.O. in der 12.516 Runde! Sieger: ICH! Verlierer: Outlook Express  Kein Aim mehr, Verbindungsaufbau klappt, alles super und ohne Probleme. Zwar landen die E-Mails bei mir im Spam Verdacht, aber sie kommen an. ^_^  Ich freu mich so.
This was just TOO cute not to show it to you:  Found on  B3ta .&nbsp; Adored by all.   mofaha.com  WHAT A CUTE KITTEH!
Head's up.  Icons coming at ya.  21 icons da rulz: comments ADORED, credit NOT NECESSARY, NO hotlinking, got it? good.  A mix: 1XMegasXLR 2XFruits Basket 2XJubei-Chan, Secret of the Lovely Eyepatch 1XInuyasha 2XThe Big O 1XGalaxy Rangers 12XFull Metal Alchemist  Teasers:          (rickety-tickety-tin)
You can see some pictures of my wings *in action* in   this entry.   And just for the record, my customers are awesome (=
"Hi Mary, I got my wings today; Ha, they are great!!! Boy what a surprise to get them so fast, thank-you very much. I will be doing furture buisness with you. I have also passed your web sight on to my boss.     thanks again -marlene" "I got my wings this afternoon.  Thank You So Much! They are BEAUTIFUL!! I love your work. Thanks So much ~lizi"
"WOW!!  I just got them, tore open the box and wanted to let you know  they are beautiful.  Thank you so very much.  The flower girls are going to look adorable. -Heidi" *corresponds to the two pairs of white wings in the previous entry (below) *
"I just wanted to drop you a quick e-mail to thank you for the fairy wings.  My sister absolutley loved them and they look wonderful hanging above my niece's crib.  They are the perfect magical decoration for a baby's room.  Thanks again! Cari"
Hi all! I updated "Joined at the Hip!" 'Bout time, too. It's up at Ashwinder, but not aff, because as usual, aff is down.    http://ashwinder.sycophanthex.com/views tory.php?sid=5888&i=1   Chapter 4: Ahhhh... Hysteria. What a lovely state to be in.
were going to the show in august in cohasset!   :)  yes baby  teehehehe  i'm the only one who writes in here. what's up?
Ello everyone.  Just joined the community. Would like to say that I'm a big HIM fan. I got plenty of HIM icons, and I'll post em' in the community as we go along. Hopefully we'll get along just fine.  Until next time. :-)
Hey, im new & was looking for a communtiy for ga and I came across this one. Anyways, feel free to add me. I love new friends, and I will try and leave you lots of usless comments lol.
Sorry if the pics are too big and I know the quality blows! I made this using 10 meters of tulle. It has a lining and stretchy waistband from ribbed cotton. 3 layers & 3 tiers :)))) &hearts;   I love it! I'm making a black one now.        My heels ripped a hole in the bottom layer while I was trying to sit on the floor!! :'((( (not visible from the pic though)
Hi! Most of you might not know me, but I'm a writer-thingie and friend of Anna the Piper. I've been lurking here in Scuzzboppers for a couple of months now.  I've also just published a new short story; and so, without further adieu....
May your marriage be happy, blissful and long.   May your family be loving, healthy and strong.   May your days wed be many and your kinfolk rejoice And the nation be happy and respect your choice.  Congratulations all!
Wow, this place sure hasn't been updated for awhile ^^; I just joined, but I don't really know if anyway is listening O.o;;  Anyway, I really like Tomoe Shinohara ^^ My favourite song by her is Kuru Kuru Mirakuru ^^
x-posted to       gears_and_steam     If this is considered spam, please delete it, and I apologize.  I just wanted to see if anyone else here is a member of suicidegirls.com, and if so, tell them that I created a  Steampunk group  there yesterday.  It already has 41 members!
Apologies for cross posting to those of you who've seen this more than once today, but . . .    Eeyore's Birthday  is today!   Who's going? :)   (ephemeral)
Dear Mun,  Thank you for the beautiful icon of my daughter... I shall shamelessly use it everywhere as she is the most adorable girl in the entire universe.  In Honor,       kailin_tyree
Greetings from the community moderator/maintainer everyone! ^_^ We seem to have rounded up a large crowd thus far, and that's great because this community hasn't been open that long.  I'd like to inform you that I shall try to schedule a chat session for Sunday February 15th at around 8pm Central time. ^_^ I hope to see as many of you there as possible! &lt;3 Eve
Hi, Quistis here!  Well I am finally back from my vacation, which was, by the way, very relaxing!  I'm glad to see you guys again.   I'll be posting here as well, so I hope to hear from you every once in a while.  Quis
Chips and dip is the ultimate food. It doesn't get any better. Especially when mixed with Jack Daniels. yeeeah. Word.
i just heard back from the person who runs the tube site mentioned in del's earlier post!!  (apparently she did recieve my email.)  she apologized, plus, she was VERY polite about it and has promised to remove the offending image right away.  :)  so, YAY for the nice ones!!  :)  i wish they could all be this cool about it.  ;)
did you know you can now have multiple cuts in a document?  You can cut a bit and then end the cut, like this   &lt;lj-cut text="see more"&gt; Hahaha there was nothing worth seeing   &lt;/lj-cut&gt; how good is that?!
12 pack of Dr Pepper cans.... on sale for $3.50 75 cent coupon, doubled to become $1.50 off...  Grand Total for a 12 pack of DP:  $2.00 Grand Total per can:  17cents  YAY!
Gah!  Soon there needs to be sweet, consorty schmoop and I worry about Xander and bloodloss and Giles' potential interference and gah!  So happy to see more tagging, I adore this story.  :: hugs you both ::
Wow intense and very hot indeed.  When they prepared for the moment of bonding I was actually holding my breath, phew! you manage to make their feelings and emotions literally vibrate off the screen.   Wonderfully moving and intense, thank you both.  They're together ::sigh::  ::hugs::  Look forward to more by the way *g*
Meh, I bought the DNAnge manga as soon as it came out and instantly fell in love with it. And Dark, but anywhos...A few days ago I bought the first DVD and I'm working on the other 2. I love DNAngel and stuffs so here I am.
I'm kind of confused about the voting thing and such, could someone please explain that to me, also? Thanks!      Friday, October 18, 2005-I'm on the left   Friday, October 11, 2004
Hello,   I've been waiting to see how this community does.  And, I've decided that it can't hurt to post.  I have a story titled "Ignorance Isn't Bliss."  It's on fanfiction.net under the user name "Scaled Phoenix."  It is a WIP Dark!Harry fic where Voldemort is sort of a mentor for Harry.  It will eventually be DM/HP as well.  I hope you check it out.
Obsessive. Complusive. Icon-Making. Dissorder.  OCIMD  That's what I have.  But I only made three Billy Icons because... well, I couldn't find good pics of him. :)
Bye everyone I'm leaving this community. I'm bored with it, hardly anyone is in this community. Besides there's to many bi and gothics people in here. I will not do the app. over again just to make some of you bi and gothic people happy and to the ones who are not like that (not very many) I hardly heard anything from you guys. Bye.
so if you didnt know this.. Gwen's "hollaback" video is out. you can find it at the  greener pastures website . Its mighty hot, oh god she looks so good. Her videos are always so kick ass...
I must share this with everyone.   my photography [class] withdrawl will come to an end by 3rd period tomorrow afternoon *wipes sweat from forehead*   I love my photography class & teacher. Not to mention that I have it with my best friend :)
This community is brand new. I just finished modifying it. I'm still trying to learn. I'm still learning about lj because I'm new to this.   I hope I get people to join in
hi everybody ive been a kiss fan since i was 8 seen them 3 times fav somg is i love it loud and video ace was the one who got me into them in the 1st place in 98 i joind the Asylum chat room and made alot of good friends there icludeing a special one he knows who he is anyway whoever has icq msn or yahoo can add me
I've made a few icons for some of the more noteable season 4 characters that aren't with us anymore...  teaser:     [ 7 more here ]
Heya, I'm new here and just wanted to say 'hi' to everyone :) I'm also new to Pablo Neruda's works, but I really love everything I've read by him so far. I first heard of him when a group called Pan Optikum came and put on an open-air show in my park a while ago. They were acting out parts from Neruda's 'The Book of Questions' and it was fantastic.
I-CON!! Did anyone go? How'd ya like it?  I met and hung out with Uncle Kage. He is...really freaking awesome. If anyone went to the Genetics and furries/Biological Future of Furries Part 3 (34?) featuring him besides me, I'd be real interested in hearing your reactions! ^^
Hail, and well met!  Greetings from Pont Alarch - and a Scottish Celt residing in the heart of Yorkshire!
I would just like to say that the QE music video is teh shit. It rocks me hardcore. That is all.  Actually. No, it's not. *points to icon* Look at the pretties. :)
I am very new on LJ, but I joined this community. *Waves hello* I won't bother you by telling you why I am here, because you all know that allready.   I also have no friends :P
Woo! I got her single, finally. My mom said she'd get it for me when I got my report card... if I had good marks.&nbsp;Apparently they were good enough for her, so I got it.
in honor of       ladyaris    's   Happy Birthday!!!!!!!   I've dug through my Orlando files to get these pics for her to do whatever she likes with (cause she's great at making icons, etc!!!)
A new book of erotica ‘Enslaved Princess’ written and illustrated by me, and with a sequel coming up, check the details and if you like it, pick up a copy at...  http://www.olympia-press.co.uk/thismont h.htm
Ello ello! Just joined this community so I figured I might as well show you one of my favorite pieces I did a while back. Ya'll should know where I got it from ^_~
I invite you  to see my livejournal!!!,  www.livejournal.com/users/andrea_chan Have fun!, but it is in spanish, so I recomend you to learn first spanish, and then see my livejournal.  -andrea_chan
Hiya! I'm new to this community. I simply adore Catherine Willows! She is my fav CSI. I'm glad she got her own group. :) Well... that's all I got to say. Bye
Hey Elfwooders!   I've just updated my gallery with a new rendering! I hope you enjoy my  Mermaid Tree !   Manda Seebeck
This be Gamma man. Leting you know I be wanting to hold a new years / birthday party at my place. the birthday boy will be for a good friend of mine       jepdragoon   . call me or e-mail me if you will like to go.
I'm not sure what to say, I guess I just wanted to say hello and all that groovy jazz. I'm Eri...and yeah. I live in Mamaroneck...I'm a nanny. and thats about it.
I went overboard, but it can't be helped.  Deadman Switch has to be one of the  gayest  best episodes EVER. :) :)
Since I just recently figured out how to make icons on my computor, heres some Renee base icons. feel free to use and add what ever you want to them.    ...   ...   ...   ...
Hi, I just joined today! I love Schwarz- they're the main reason I like WK. Farfie's my fave character, and I love almost any pairing or fic with him in it if it's not like a one-sided angsty kinda thing.
Sweetness I heard "Behind These Hazel Eyes" on the radio the other night...It's the new single according to the Kelly Clarkson site...Im excited because that is my absolute favorite song an that album. I cant wait to see the video....
So... Jesus Loves His Babies, from Mashed Potatoes, is pretty much awesome. Oh my god, the answering machine, I'm dieing, this is me dieing.
Has Criss started touring yet?   I haven't heard or read anything lately. I'm just making sure I don't miss anything!  Thanks. :)
So I was lookin thru here and I realized that I wasent sure if I got in this community or not. If not that is fine. I jus wanted to know, and sorry if I am buggin.   Oh yes N I hope your husband gets better dear!!
does anybody know something about the movie "windstruck"? I just know that it uses the trax tears version...
If anyone isn't already a member of       bl_dramas   , I would highly recommend joining it, because it's not terribly uncommon to find Fujimi Orchestra drama CDs up for download.       peta_14    has been generous enough to post a large number of the drama CDs up there, so if you're interested, you should look into it.
The Protector of the Small is a 4 book series by Tamora Pierce. the books are (in order) First Test, Page, Squire, and Lady Knight. its the story about a girl intent on becoming a knight. everything and everyone is against her being one, saying that girls shouldn't be in combat. its about her struggles, and fights. its a good series, and i'd recommend it to anyone.
Hey everybody, what's up? Silly me didn't think to look for a communtiy about one of my favorite games 'till now. ^^      You are Zoe!  You're a rough, tough, self- supporting chick -- and you're happy with that label.  Few people can keep up with you.      Which SSX Tricky character are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla     Anyway...did anyone else here try out the SSX3 PS2 demo disc yet?
Wanted to say thank you to everyone who gave me thoughts, ideas, links and such about learning the language!! I GREATLY appreciate it!!  I work at a library so I have brought home the ASL Dictionary and another book and my friend and I are learning at least the basic signing.  That's awesome!!! I hope to look into classes at a later time but this is cool for now!!  Thanks SO MUCH!!!!
Hey everyone! Sorry I haven't been able to be active in this community lately...ZI have been very busy with my senior year & my trip to Philli :)
Home from vacation finally... I didn't even get a chance to say goodbye to you all... because as we all know... parents are bastards are take away the computer at the worst of times. Or at least my rents are like that!  Comment and tell me what's been happpppening!  With love,   -Sammi&lt;3  It's good to be home.
Title:   Inhuman Needs   Genre:  General/Romance  Rating:  PG  Pairing:  surprise  Summary:  Some youkai will do ANYTHING for a pretty face [100 word drabble]   Title:   Once Upon a Childish Time   Genre:  General/Drama/Romance  Rating:  PG  Pairing:  Kouga--&gt;Kagome, Kouga/Rin  Summary:  [Kouga x Rin] She doesn't know why, but she's always up for the company. [300 word drabble]
Yet another lame submission for the JsD musical-a-thon. :)  Lyrics from cough LittleShopofHorrors cough.
It's results time!  ^_^          ltnoin    won 1st place!               amberhime    won 2nd place!               ai_no_zetsubou    won 3rd place!        Congrats to all the winners!!!!!!!
I just wanted to say ....    Happy Birthday, Tohma-mun!!!!!!!     XD  *huggles the Tohma-mun*  You're so good at being so evil that I couldn't help but wish you a very Happy Birthday!  (^_^)v  Have a wonderful birthday!  Love,  Hiro-kun & Hiro-mun XD *chu*
(fun with manual focus)        (fun with overexposure)    (fun with...double exposure, sort of. weird, huh?)
Hey guys, I hope everyone is having a good weekend.  I just wanted to mention that I read in In Touch Weekly magazine yesterday how Sean and Megan are in talks for maybe making a spinoff show of their own. Isn't that awesome? :-) I think it'd be awesome if the writing were good.
H'lo there... just another Vinci and Arty fan. Some people may know me as ChibiTell from the Vincifruit forums. So... er, hi? ^^;
Oooh. Can I have Markko Martin and Jari-Matti Latvala? P.S. Really sorry, but I'm a moron and can't figure out how to post pictures. Help... Please?
A little fanart present for her and all the other Yondaime fangirls. Another collaboration of the crazy minds of       _sakura    and       raradiebenkorn   .
This was taken yesterday out at Peoria Sports Complex...Dave is a really sweet man and has such a radiant smile. I was happy he took the time to sign for us fans and pose for pictures with any of us who wanted one :)  x-posted
TiVo and cable giant Comcast have reached a distribution deal, easing some investor concerns over the digital video recorder pioneer's future.   And another article about the deal. :-)
Just a reminder for anyone who hasn't claimed their banner for contest 12-05, they are posted  HERE .  Snag your pretty now!
So I've been surfin' LJ icon communities and finding my own lacking. SO! instead of whining (too much) I decided to give it a whirl... and here's what I got O.O                        BTW, if you use, could you... er... comment here? ^^; it'd make me feel all warm and fuzzy...
Bear here.  I have just created       addmetootwo   .  This my second stab  At making a LiveJournal "Add Me" community.   off-topic posts are  encouraged  as long as they are  reasonable    HAVE FUN!!!!  Maintainer       bearybipolar   .
Atti's back, and he's asking for people who want the first edition of Deed Poll to drop him a line in the Y!group.  If you are not in the Y!group... I suggest joining it! But if just you don't want too that badly, let me know, and I'll try to help you out, lol.
"This Masquerade(Single Edit)" by George Benson from   Breezin'(1976) Warner Archives/Rhino    Lyrics  (from a site on The Carpenters--never heard their version)  "Who I Am" by Jessica Simpson from  "Who I Am"(2000) Dreamworks    Lyrics    Are we really happy with this lonely game we play . . .     am i a masquerade?     are we all masquerades???
Sunday was Jim Caviezel's 35th birthday! I was going to mention something before, I found it in my sunday morning paper, but i live in central florida and we were directly hit by the third hurricane in a row. but anyway. Happy Brithday to Jim!
I just wanted to take a moment to welcome all new members of this communities *winks at Fim and Orchyd* I hope to see your posts (stories or other things) soonish :)  Oh, and to all Americans, a Happy belated Thanksgiving *grin*  T'care, Eowyn.
Teasers:   3.   4.      -----Robbie Williams-----   1.   2.   3.   4.   5.   6.   7.   8.   9.   10.   11.  12.   13.  14.   15.   16.   17.  Take, comment if taking, credit if taking, enjoy!
In case you don't have       yankdotorg    in your friends list, a new set of pictures and fan arts were uploaded to  WeirdAl.com's Gallery  a couple days ago.
Heehee... Quoted from my favorite Demon's journal... "While driving home, we listened to some new tunes courtesy of moryssa. Thanks, M! I think you've hooked two more. Steph and I both love Carbon Leaf!"  Doing my part, one convert at a time... (except I got 2 for the price of 1 this time)...   :D
Damien will be the second guest on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight at 11:35pm.    No Benj, but Damien is always entertaining on talk shows.  *thinks back to his appearance on Kilborn*  HEE!
Hey, I live in Australia, so i'm more than likely behind in the episodes that USA people are, so we've only just been shown episode 10 in series 4... and i LOVE the ending with Ben and Mikey dancing... it's the most beautiful ending i can think of!
the copy of Hell Babies that I ordered a few weeks ago.  I had it delivered to work, and since is obviously not work safe, I havent had a chance to look at it yet and its killing me.  I cant wait to get home.  YAYAYAYAYAYYAYAYAYAY!!!!!
I GOT MY PACKAGE!!! OMG..so cute *twitches*  *loves the cuteness*  &gt;_&gt;  Thanks       yukikijo    I really like it alot.
This past weekend, I was mistaken for Lord Sterling.  I forget the name of his Household.  I think it has something to do with a Kraken.  He is a Great guy and I look forward to seeing him at pennsic.
I've mostly just been lurking in this community, but as today is its fifth anniversary, I thought I would post a link to my non-LJ weblog,  Erik's Masonic Journey , which has followed my Masonic career from the point I decided to petition a lodge back in 2000.  Please enjoy!
For anyone who's unable to pick up Chris' album today or like me is waiting for it to arrive in their mailbox. VH1.com has  the whole album  up to listen to in streaming audio. Enjoy!
Hee hee hee... for those who uses Ohayou's bookmarket " UI Improvement scriptlet " (which you totally should), go to the Nearby Plains, and if nothing happens load it up again.
*walks back into the pub after being elsewhere, looking very confused, then realising and smiling, remembering everything then walks over to the bar, forgetting my previous matters and orders a couple of drinks, settling back into a chair and finally being able to relax, looks around the room at all the familiar faces and his smile widens*
Hey everybody, I’m new here =] I’m really looking forward to being a part of this community since it seems filled with ppl that share the same interests that I do. If anyone would like to get to know me, let me know and I’m sure I’d love to get to know all of u. ~ Vannessa
Welcome to first_kisses_.  This is a community I've been meaning to set up for a long time and I kept putting it off. No longer. It is now open and ready to get going.  Your Moderators       rainwen   ,       aloneinparadise    and I,       niennasilimaure    are standing by.  ~Nienna.
Well, it seems like the maintainer of this community quit LJ. :/ I made a spiffy layout and everything, but it seems like there's no way of inputting it.  Sorry about that, looks like we'll have to put up with the purple for a while, or at least until I can think of something.
Hello everyone! I am new to this community and I am very excited that I have joined. I live in the USA, and I am an avid reader. My favorite book genre is Fantasy, although I do like to delve into realistic Fiction every once and a while (like Joan Didion).  Leguin is one of my favorite authors, and my favorite Leguin series is the earthsea series. :-)
Hey, what's Bink's talent? Isn't it suppressing magic or something? In one of the later Xanth books, his talent and the reason why he can't say it is clearly explained. Anyone know what book it is in particular?
coolness i bought some stuff on ebay like a ffcc piano book (i bought that a while ago) and the most recent things were the 4 tribes pins (for only 99 cents for all four!) and then a 3-d image promo badge for ffcc pretty cool stuff, i like them! i havent played in a while since after me and nick played nonstop to get all the artifacts, we've been taking a break
Hey I'm new here just thoughtI'd say hi! I found a quiz you all should like.      Sexy Orlando      What Orlando Bloom are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla
After a hiatus of dangerously close to three months...  Behold, Mutiny!  And  sneaky.authorial.tricks !  Links to previous installments included.  Title: Psalms to the Taffrail - 24 Author: -M Rating: G Length: 1,178 words.   (which is... exactly the same length as the last piece.  spooky and unintended.)  Warnings: pistols, boats, pachyderms  Spider!   Duck!   This Notice  So  X-posted.
Hey just wondering how everyone did at State (or Regionals - or both!). We here in Wisconsin have State this Thursday through Saturday so good luck to everyone competing! Also, to anyone else who has the ACT this Saturday, good luck to you too! ~Melissa
So I did a bit of advertising for the LJ community on the national message boards, perhaps we'll get a few new posters out of it!
Oh!  I forgot this was here!  And here I was wishing I could download mIRC at work to talk to you guys.  :)  Hi!  *waves*  -Bluejaye
This is so cool and even though we all hate to admit it, we're addicts :)  ThanX Brad!  &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3  peace y'all.
I have killed my old dance bag (my troupe is happy now!) and need a new one!  anyone have any recommendations for a particular one? is there one which can be slung over shoulder, maybe turn into a rolly cart, with compartments for jewlery/makup and a big one for skirt/ extra scarves, etc?  I tend to take everything with me and enough for 2 people so it has to be a good size.  Thanks!
Okay.. who was honestly shocked when Ethan got shot?  I literally jumped and gasped... but on one hand, wasn't surprised that Charlie did it.  I guess I expected him too.... I just didn't think it'd be right then in front of everyone else.  It was great to see the group get the upper hand.. guns drawn! :D  Anyone think Sawyer will really hurt Jack next week?
Hey everyone,   I'm posting because I was wondering if any of you creative fan fic writers would like to be in our  buffy rpg.    We are missing  Willow , and are in desperate need of one. I personally, play Tara.
I have killed my old dance bag (my troupe is happy now!) and need a new one!  anyone have any recommendations for a particular one? is there one which can be slung over shoulder, maybe turn into a rolly cart, with compartments for jewlery/makup and a big one for skirt/ extra scarves, etc?  I tend to take everything with me and enough for 2 people so it has to be a good size.  Thanks!
Did anyone ever see the movie "They"? I never got to and I'm not sure if it's on video or what, but I was wondering what everybody thought of it.   imdb.com  shows that Ethan will be in a movie called Pizza and Harold and Kumar Go To White Castle-both of which slated to open in 2004. Interesting. :)
Lots and lots of saturn.  Yahoo doesn't allow remote linking, and I have a yahoo site where they're all uploaded, so I guess just visit there. Let me know what one you took either by commenting here, emailing me or signing my guestbook, and if you like give me credit. Also, I do take requests, so request away.   Sailor Moon Icons.
I just had  the  best dream ever. I was at a  Showgirl  show... in Las Vegas. The fact that she came to America and I was at her show, standing against the catwalk... Ah! I must've ate something nice before I went to bed last night!
I was in an icon-making mood, so I made this icon of Liz in her  Star Trek  outfit. It's free for the taking. I'd simply appreciate it if you mention that you took it. No credits or anything needed. Just a comment here.  Edit : I was bored again, so I made an icon out of Greg as a girl.
Next week's session is cancelled, because I can't make it.  We meet again on March 17th, at  18:30 , at Ayelet's.
We meet tomorrow, Thursday, at  19:00 , at Ayelet's, to read the second part of the eighteenth book of the  Iliad .  I will be showing some pictures, paintings, and poems, beside the usual annotated reading of the text.
Two people can't make it this coming Thursday, so we're cancelling again.  To avoid waiting a whole week again, here are alternative options for this next session (Book XVIII).   Please  check all the dates that are possible for you, as soon as you see this, so we can set a new date on time.  Thanks, and sorry.    View Poll: Day for Next Session
I'm terribly sorry to have to postpone our next session  again , but this Thursday can't work for me, due to not one but  two  family birthdays.  Our next meeting, therefore, is  next  Thursday, i.e. Dec 16th, at 20:00, at Ayelet's.  Let's try not to be late (yes, I'll try too...), as we have a particularly rich book before us.   בואו.  יהיה קוסם.
We meet this coming Thursday, Oct 21st, at our place in Bavli, at  20:00 .  We shall read book XVI of the Iliad.  Bring something, if you like.
We meet tonight, at our place in Bavli, at  21:00  (not the usual 20:00).  We shall read book XV of the Iliad.  Bring something, if you like.   Sorry for the late notice again.
This is good news for all those who are looking for the episodes, those who feel generous and are willing to upload the episodes, and generally all of us who are fed up with people asking where they can find the episodes ...          lost_eps   !!!    Post links, ask for eps, share the Lost love!
A very special "Thank You" to       apostate_96    for making a few icons for the community.  He actually made them for me, but I couldn't use all of them and decided to put them to use here.    That's my cat, Evie.  But Evie is a certifiable Fetchkitty, so that's okay.
I have been going to these differant sites in the past few days.  http://www.thecharmedones.com/charmedli nks.htm   You guys should check them out, some are good some suck
I am new to this group was hopeing to find locals who have similar intrests. I am not fully incorportaed into the furry nation yet but been trying to for awhile . I am kris and i am live in hickory , nc . Currenty i play rpg / live action and such so this is just a lifestyle expantion to what i am already into . thanks very much  kris
For hosting yet another wonderful Halloween party for the Carolinafurs!  I saw many regulars and many new faces among the group this year. :3   Anyone have pictures they wish to share?  I know I saw some cameras go off..so don't even try telling me there aren't any =P
We are Monchaux and Riley, two adorable small dogs who live with three college students and siblings in Columbia South Carolina. We are an AKC poodle born in Venezuela (Monchaux) and a mutt born in Charleston South Carolina.  We hope we can meet fellow dogs here.  Bow Wows!  Monchaux & Riley
Wow, I watched the EE of RotK on Saturday.  It was incredible.  I don't want to ruin it for anyone but wow!  The Mouth of Sauron scene was ridiculous, although different from the book, and I also loved the Legolas/Gimli scene at the beginning, during the party.  All around, great movie.  Totally deserved Best Picture.
Just figured it was time I joined a LOTR LJ community. I am a big fan of the movies and the books and my bf just got me the EE Trilogy box set for Christmas. I'd been holding off on getting them because I wanted them in the nice box. :)   Anyway, I'm Jen. My favorite character is Merry. Great to be here.
Welcome everyone!  I see you've found our humble little community, and hope you have fun here.  Post any of your works (minus nudity) here.  Put profanity under cut.  Have fun!  -Lizbeth
*trips, falls, thud* Owwiee. *stands and dusts self off* I've been grounded for life and I think I just got off before my release date. Yayness for me. So I just wanted to say that I'm back. *grin*
Since       bizarreoptimism    seems to have divorced - in a moment of madness, I presume ;) - Ardeth Bay (from The Mummy and The Mummy Returns), I would like to jump forward and marry him myself. :D Thank you!
I'm feeling very cute today, so I took some pictures. Plus, I hadn't taken any snaps of my cool new hair color from over vacation.  So, here.  For your veiwing pleasure, my cuteness.  haha
I just got me a live journal. I've been watching this community for awhile though. Long haired fellows are so HOT! Yay! I'm single and in VA :: wink wink :: Anyway, hope everyone is having a great day :D
I notice nobody's posted here for a while, bur what the hell. My name's si, and I'm a massive Fray fan. I even once had a letter in Melcall(issue 4 or 5, I think). I'll definitely be buying the new book, even though I've got all the comics, very safely kept in a collector's bag at home. Anyhoo, ciao for now!
hi, i'm new here. i love jimmy x 3736272625272561718393723. heh. my sister and i watched him on leno last night...i was happy that they showed his audition tape for snl. he does great impressions of dr. phil & jerry seinfeld...haha...i couldn't stop laughing. he was really cute on leno, seemed kinda restless & really shy. aw. i love him &hearts;&hearts;&hearts;
Ladies!! There's an Angel's IPEX!  And it's cute too!!  And oh my goodness, it's available in A'cups too!!!  I just saw it in the catalog.  I'm rather excited.   It would be rather nice if we got a free one....  Just a hint.. JUST A HINT!  *smirks*
Finding Neverland  Directed by  Marc Forster  Review by       darksidebitca    ***   Knew I'd like that movie.  :)
Joe Kidd is on AMC right now, just started - there are some great Clint one-liners (although what movie with him doesn't have great one-liners . . .)
Space Ghost Coast to Coast Volume 1 (2003) coming November 18th   I hope the episodes are going to be in chronological order since they don't show the really old episodes very often anymore.
Your warm response to my last picture was very inspiring, so I couldn't help myself and simply had to draw another one. I hope you like it :)
I go to Gateway, but I'm sure most of the colleges are the same with this::  I saw an ad in the New Haven Register with the summer classes being offered, it said they were online (commnet.edu whatever that site is..lol) to register, yet for the past week- I've been checking and no signs of the classes, does anyone know when they'll be up?
Hello! First post here. I think. o_o Just a few ToS icons I whipped up earlier. They might be spoilery if you dunno what Martel looks like.  Today's batch: - 1 Colette - 1 Martel - 1 Presea - 1 Lloyd  Teaser:    (  Le fake LJ-cut of doom. &lt;3  )  Enjoy! ^_^
Hello everyone!! I have been a Bing fan all my life, I think he is the most amazing person. I am glad to see a community here for him!
I HAVE A COLLECTIVE!!! And it's not up yet. *G* Yes I'm a  bored retard . YEAH AND DAMN PROUD!!! TeeeenyboBBeR *g*
I would like to claim the following:  The Phrase "Darn Tootin'!"  The Word "Crap"  Cashmere Wraps  Pink Kittens/Cats  Ann-Margret's Pink/Purple Sunglasses     I linked to the community on my userprof       littlekimmcafee      Thanks!
Okay ... my me OTP ... I couldn't choose between me/Toppie and me/Ambs ... because Toppie owns me and I live in her head and I love her ... but Ambs is my fiancee ... soooo *crosses arms* I refuse to choose!  Hee...that rhymed!  And I think I have two non-me OTPs too ... Ellie/Satine, because I made it up :D and Tonnie/Toppie, like Alexa - because just dude! :D
well I done did it.  This ones for you doc...          its hard to tell in the pics, but the fist and peyote bud have black outlining all the way around. it looks awesome and really couldnt have asked for any better. I am sublimely happy.   x-posted hstfans, the_good_doc
**Welcome tp day 106!&nbsp; It looks to be a very good day.&nbsp; I hope everyone makes the most of this weekend!!**
**Welcome to day 105!!&nbsp; It's a wonderful day.&nbsp; Place honey, flowres, beer and a moonstone on your alter!!&nbsp; Oh and it's tax day!!**
Hi there, I'm Ash, and I'm 16. I was actually born in the US, and still live there, and I've never been to Wales. However, my family is Welsh, and within the past few years I've started to take an interest in it and pride in it, and I just thought that I would join so that I could learn more about Wales.   I hope that you all will still let me join
I finished it I finished it!!! =D =D   http://www.deviantart.com/view/2166551     I like the little fishies. ^^  I still need to work on my photoshop skills, but I think this came out ok. =)
Tonight don't miss United V rangers(hailed as the battle of Britian),then for Dessert,Beckhams Body parts,all on ITV1 tonight!Yay! there is a God!
Can I claime Kira/Conner's relationship? Oh and can I claime the song Freak You Out? Hope so. Love DT to death!
Happy birthday to the beautiful and talented Claudia Black! Here's to many more happy birthdays! ::raises virtual glass in toast::      cross posted to other Farscape communities
Straight male seeks Bush supporter for fair, physical fight - m4m   I would like to fight a Bush supporter to vent my anger. If you are one, have a fiery streek, please contact me so we can meet and physically fight. I would like to beat the shit out of you.    http://newyork.craigslist.org/about/best/n yc/47785163.html
Rexie wighs 1.1kg after her feed now. She'll have to go to a larger cage RealSoonNow.  Kaye ate 14 worms tonight and her gashed leg looks a lot better. She's still a bit reluctant to use it for climbing, but she does use it to hang on. Which is good news.
Hey, huge Ellis fan here! Just wanted to say that I saw her this weekend when she performed at the college conference in Ames,IA and it was awesome! I had the opportunity to have dinner with her twice this weekend! It was so much fun, she is so personable!
Cat: Munkustrap  Couple: Grizabella and Munkustrap  Song: The Invitation To The Jellicle Ball    I'm going to put this on my bio as soon as possible!
WOAH! *explodes*  Cat - Jemima!!!! *__* JEMIMA JEMIMA JEMIMA!!!  Couple - Growltiger and Griddlebone  Song - Growltiger's Last Stand ( It was a tough choice between this and the Aweful Battle of the Pekes and the Pollicles ^^; )  Waii~ Cool community by the way ^_^  I'll put these up on my userinfo ASAP ^_^  ~hori
And lo, the goddess Emily did send forth a new comic, and she spake unto her people "READ OR DIE!!!!"
probably by the time must of you read this, it'll be too late, but heres one more shot to get a message in the Dylan video.  I only have 4-5 messages from Becky, Paul, Gorden, Myself.. and shortly CJ...  ***I did get a message for him from Julie** (sorry i just now hot synced my pda)
Myself and       kphoebe    really need our own special in a special way GCFA icons. Damn I miss having PhotoShop.  Mine having the chopsticks of death of course.
some random fma bases from chapter one of the manga. feel free to use them as you like!   teasers:   1.    2.    3.     (fake cut~)       comment and credit! x-posted to fullmetal_icons
Head's up.  Icons coming at ya.  21 icons da rulz: comments ADORED, credit NOT NECESSARY, NO hotlinking, got it? good.  A mix: 1XMegasXLR 2XFruits Basket 2XJubei-Chan, Secret of the Lovely Eyepatch 1XInuyasha 2XThe Big O 1XGalaxy Rangers 12XFull Metal Alchemist  Teasers:          (rickety-tickety-tin)
Thanks  so much . I am  extremely  grateful for this opportunity.I found this website with OC trivia. I got all but the last one right. (  here  ). I installed a new program on my computer .I made some icons but there to big.. by 4 pixels.. ehh. I'll be posting them feel free to take but credit.. Thanks . Im making more Promo banners to.&nbsp;  L  A  T  R  O  .. brandi
hey, i'm a new member. as you can tell by my username, i'm a big fan of the secret garden. i just want to make a request to all you icon makers out there to PLEASE MAKE MORE TSG icons, especially ones of mary. there are us fans out here who really want them. thanks :)
Evening everyone  For those who haven't read TSG or haven't read it in a while, I just found it on Project Gutenberg (a free resource of books online) where you can download it in txt format for free. Yippee!   Find it Here on Project Gutenberg!
So, I have an interview tomorrow... which means I might have a job... which means money... which means... PGSM DVDs can be ordered!  Yay!  I don't care if they're the Chinese knockoffs... it's still PGSM on DVD with English subtitles.  That's good enough for me.  :D
Does anyone have any suggestions on where I could do research on geneaology besides rootsweb.com for free searches. Also I need to find a way to research old arson records. If anyone can help please tell me.  Thanks. Caroline
hey all im new here..very small group here. how are you all doing? My name is febe, im 21 and an aries with a  virgo rising. woo. im from texas.  talk to all you beautiful people later:-)
Guys, I was thinking....could I "upgrade" to Namura-sensei? I suppose that Namura would be a slightly more...active character in this RPG.   Oh, and       miwasatoshi   , could you e-mail me or something with a rough summary of what happened in the anime that is after the manga and er...some kind of description of how Namura should be...if I get to change, of course ^_^
Hey everyone, just found this community and I love the idea. :D I just barely made it to 1983 -- My birthday is December 31st! I'm from Rhode Island, but look forward to leaving the state as soon as I gain financial independence lol. ;) I'm currently a junior at Providence College majoring in political science. Just wanted to introduce myself and say hi. Gooo '83 kids! :)
Just to update you. Chaca went into labor during the day on Monday. Her first puppy died. She then delivered 11 others! One died yesterday, that was terribly hard for me. I am also struggling with finding a new home for the father.  I will post picutres ASAP. They are ADORABLE!
I will leave it up for another five hours (I think I've gone waaay over 48 hours, but oh well), so please download it while you may. If it will not be too much to ask, please share the music to other fans as well (mirror the files, bittorrent, what have you). Thank you, and to the people who said 'thank you' you're welcome and it was a pleasure.
Hey everyone, thanks for the approval to join the community!  Name: Jenna Field: Mechanical Engineering Institution: Lawrence Technological University (Southfield, MI) Number of tattoos: 2 Number of piercings: 9  Picture(s) of your tattoo(s):  I'm gonna have to get back to you on this one, my digi camera is on the fritz, sorry!
A new book of erotica ‘Enslaved Princess’ written and illustrated by me, and with a sequel coming up, check the details and if you like it, pick up a copy at...  http://www.olympia-press.co.uk/index2.H TM
Yes, you read it here first!  I worship and adore and whore myself out to the great DJ.  He has re-designed THREE of my characters.           Oh, and here's Riku's heartless design in fullll freaaaakinnnngggg color!!!     Bow before DJ's greatness.  And those on slower connections...deal with it.  I'm on one, too XD
It's our one year anniversity you guys!!!!  March 8th, 2004, I was a lonely looser who had read too many spoilers and theories for KH2 and was like RP!!!!!!!  Woot to Leon-mun and Krissi for being here the longest ^_^  Here's to another great year, right guys?  ^____________^  AndWhenAreYouGoingToDoTheMorningAfterRP? ???????????????
I'm So Happy that they started showing the new episodes on Adult Swim Last week. I've been waiting for a while.   I also can't believe what happened to Kouga. It was funny!!
Merry Christmas. Nobody is posting, still, merry Christmas. POST!!! Clicky on linky on my personal journal for cards and stuffies.
Hey!  I'm so happy because today i'm going to see Yumi Yumi live.   I wish also to give them a little gift if I can get to meet them.   I am right, always right lalalla...
Hey, kudos to whomever tossed in those pics in the VB entry at Wikipedia and a few references/links (I'm thinking of Major Tom, have yet to find others)! I'll get to work on more detailed/cleaner eppy guides later today.
We'll my old boss from OWC.net allowed me to colo my servers at her house. So the name servers should be updated today at 6:00pm EST time. And access to multijournal should resume.
hey ppl!!!!! i just joined this community and i luv spongebob!!! its a reely kool show. i wanna c the movie! so ttyl bye!
( icon ) Hey - Just thought I'd post and let y'all know that I made an animated .gif of  the make trade fair OXFAM pictures .  Feel free to take it, and feel free to give me credit, too. :)
Hi. I dont have a Serendipity story, though I hope to have one soon, but it's one of my favorite movies. So, if it's okay (if it isnt, feel free to delete this post) here are 6 icons from Serendipity.
So Friday we had a race, and it was 4k, okayish conditions...and it took me 46 minutes. (this is xc-skiing, btw :) ) And today we skied basically the same course, maybe a little less, and it only took me 37.48 minutes! *squeal* I'm so excited!!! Of course, the season ends next Tuesday :( Any suggestions of what sports to do to keep in shape? (I'm not much of a runner...)
i don't know if you already read it,.. but the spring tour from donots will be supported by 3 colours red.. mmh.. great band :)
I’m new to the world of Absinthe and I was wondering if anyone know of any reliable places to buy Absinthe online? And any helpful links are welcomed as well.
I work nights now, so that I can watch Mister Rogers' Neighborhood in the afternoon on PBS. It always makes me feel good about myself as a person. Now isn't that what we all need?
Hi everyone, I just joined. I love Lost (CharlieClaire, KateSawyer... I'm a fangirl, I admit it) and making colourbars and Icons. I've made a couple of icons which I'll post here pretty soon (when I've made enough not to be considered spam) and I look forward to seeing all your work :)
Someone not only wrote a rare pairing I love/probably came up with in the first place, but made them sisters. So it's twice as lovely!
Hmmm, I tried to think of something a little less vague but here is what I came up with.   Challenge:  Validation  Length:  500+  Canon:  Yes  Time:  One week  Whether the characters are seeking validation or already convinced that they're right, let's see what you can do.
hi, i'm new to this community. happy new year. :) these were taken from my back bridge on christmas day, it's directly behind my mum's house in Burgeo. the little boy is my son. :)
how long has this been here? i just found it today, good work to whoever put it up, i've been wanting a community for this school for a while.  i'm a 2002 grad, then came back in 2003 to teach with bellis/brown and the tesl students from korea/japan. good times, great school, that's about all i have to say.
hello. my name is brittany& im new. i  realllllly  love tim hortons. me& my friend katie found this community& joined together& now were gunna express our undenying love for tim hortons. i love timbits& bagels& ice caps. and they have  the most amazing peach juice, ever.  the end.
I'm not sure if this quite applies to synaesthesia, but I thought it was pretty interesting:  http://www.seeingwithsound.com/winv oice.htm
I've been sick for the past week and haven't really felt like cooking much, so last night I got vegan Chinese delivery goodness:
Hi everyone! I just uploaded some nice Keanu Reeves pics at my LJ that I thought might be of interest to the ladies:) Enjoy!    follow the fake lj cut   x posted here and there
ahh close your eyes! and hug her goddammit!    must stop perving over drew and fab.   so maybe a bit off topic, but whole effing cool is fab's signature?
Love is:  caring and sharing, creative and receptive, respectful, understanding, without desire, impartial, non-competitive having no expectations, allowing life to grow and change, intimacy, trusting, natural, harmonious, acceptance.
Yes someone told me about this community lol. So I guess I joined it...hellow all. I'm uh...*feels incredously stupid* Emily.../Emilee/Emlee. And yea. :D Feel free to IM me if you want, I'm usually on. Yay.
I'm so happy right now. I can finally see myself with someone and not get hurt! I cant take this smile off of my face =D! Ugh im so happy right now. I swear this is like love season or something haha.
YES! PINK! ...Maybe a bit too pink x_x .... BUT FEAR THE PINK! &lt;3  (Sakura's got a LJ now~ and please excuse bad icon. Player's comp skills do not run to icon making. ^^;)
You know what I just noticed? I figured out that A link to the past is very similar to OOT and Link's awakening is very similar to the wind waker!
That one is the cover to "blue orchid". ^^^       I also have the song "Blue Orchid" if anyone wants it i can email it to them, or send it over msn messenger. My email is americas_sweetheart101@hotmail.com
I went to a great Housewarming Party earlier tonight and I thought I'd just share this quote.  "There's nothing like a being hoisted up on a bathroom vanity while you're making out furiously to make a man feel like a man."  -Me
This is Pervious with the children from his village outside their school. (He is the one in the blue shirt on the left hand side as you look at the picture.)  Isn't he THE CUTEST little man ever?!?!?! No need to answer that, I already know he is.  :0) Kasie
Forum Stats     Number of posts:  3168   Posts per day:  27.30   Number of topics:  921   Topics per day : 7.94   Number of users:  57   Users per day:  0.49   Board started:  Mon May 12, 2003 8:12 pm
After numerous attempts and many botched pieces of lace, I finally succeeded in moving my lace from the bottom of my "pillow" to the top to I can continue working on it!  That was my goal for last night.  :)  It would be nice to have a bolster pillow, but I can still make this work!
hey how is everyone? Im new here and just wanted to say hi to everyone. I love the get backers. My favorite character is Ban and Shido because its funny that they're always mad with one another.
And in Jeeves character.        Claim Your Old British Man by jgurlpunkrck      Your Name           Your Age           Your Old British Man           You met...    at a meeting for washed up old actors      The relationship ended...    with your marriage (dun dun dunnnn)               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
I've been sick for the past week and haven't really felt like cooking much, so last night I got vegan Chinese delivery goodness:
i found this place online when looking for the lyrics to the theme song of hey dude they have a list of the themes from some of the shows and u can download them right from it. i just thought it would be good to share with everyone.  http://www.johnnorrisbrown.com/clas sic-nick/theme-songs/index.htm
I noticed I was added so thank you to whoever added me.  Hi my name is Jennifer Don and I'm a pair skater with my partner Jonathon Hunt.  I was born in Texas and my family still live there although I train in Delaware.  I've been to Asia a few times and I would love to go again because it's such a beautiful place and very peaceful.  Well that's all for now. Love Always Jenny
The King of Casual:                                                            Inspired by the theme of the week at       men_daily    x-posted here and there
Sorry, this post is NOT dial-up friendly!     CUPID       EOMER       HARRY BALLARD     Does dressed in bubbles count?     JULIUS CAESAR           KIRILL       CAVE-MAN KOR       MAEL       MUNDER       ROB         VAAKO       Inspired by the theme of the week at       men_daily    x-posted here and there
I bring a small sampling of teh hot cowboys. ;)  Preview:                              X-posted:       mag7fans   ,       los_magnificos   ,       xtrustno1x
Well, John Q Driveway has our number. Now we play the waiting game...   Ah, the waiting game sucks. Let's play Hungry Hungry Hippos!  *** Today, I got  Songs in the Key of Springfield , and  Go Simpsonic with the Simpsons  at a hock shop for $6 each. Mmmm, bargains...
Greetings! I've just recently joined as well. Most of what I know about the Algonquin comes from Harpo Marx's pseudoautobiography "Harpo Speaks!" so please humour me if my knowledge revolves mostly around him and Alexander Woolcott... and croquet... ^_- Which, by the way, is an excellent book. I'd recommend it to anyone.
First of all thanks for participating in the first F1 Diaries Competition!!!  All competitors have written great diary entries and every post deserves an award. (hell, how i wanted to write that once in my lifetime. lol. sounds so cheesy Oscar-like, doesn't it?)  Comp closed - Poll is open! Go to  my journal   DO NOT VOTE FOR YOURSELF PLEASE!   Any questions? feel free to ask me ;)
Amazing turnout this week, people, with a positive embarrassment of riches! But only 3 could win. All entries received votes.  First place: Love Allowed, by       seaouryou    (16 points) Second place: No Regrets, by       eostra    (15 points) Third place: Dove-Feathered Shaft, by       shiinabambi    (10 points)  Congratulations to all winners! I'll have the banners... sometime. Soonish.
There was an old lady of Troy Who invented a new sort of joy: She sugared her quim And frosted the rim, And then had it sucked by a boy.
I bought  NimmBus , a computer program that gives you public transport connections for Hamburg, Germany. It was a kind of subscription: twice a year, then the timetable changes, he'll send me a new CD.
Having read       customers_suck    on and off for a while, I've heard several stories of cashiers having problems when customers expect them to be able to break a 100 first thing in the morning or whatever.
Wow, I can't believe I came across a George Webb community!!  It is one of my favorite places to go at two in the morning.  I love their Grilled Cheese! I frequent the one on Sunnyslope and Greenfield.  It's my fav.!!  Have a good day! Good to be among fellow Wisconsinites!!
It's me again. Mommy and I are listening to something she calls the overture to"Don Giovanni".  I like it.   I can stand up by myself now for a little bit, and I learned to jump on my bed... and I'm learning to roar like a little dinosaur.  'Cause I'm Seaners.
I'm Venus... I realize there's only two people here, but hey, my love for Diabolo brought me here! XD Anyway, I love the manga, it was awesome, and I love the boys. *_* Hehe, I hope to write some fanfics about Diabolo soon, and when I do, I'll make sure to share. *waves and runs away*  ~Venus~
i just wanted to let everyone know that the Gamma Omega chapter initiated 14 lovely girls on April 10th!
You show me a girl 17-19 years old whose parents are divorced/separated, and I'll show you a girl whose having sex. Thank the Lord for broken homes and youth trauma.
In different places I've been asked about pictures of Damon. I told him that, about this nosy bunch on LJ. lol. He didn't mind if I posted his picture. So, it's done with permission. ;)       Hope you're pleased now. lol.
People are likely to of all ready seen this, but I'll post it anyway. :)           To everyone who gave Gab (      gabfury   ) money! :D
I feel sorry for everyone now days.  No one's happy to just settle down.  It's so weird.  I'm so ready to settle down, have a house, have a family.  Something along those lines.  Rushing?  Perhaps.  But then again, tell me this?  What else is there to do?  I want to live a meaningful life.  I'm just ready to grow up.  With Emilia.  And I'm perfectly comfortable with that.
I'm glad i'm doing thise Cloisters of Trials again, since at the end of each one, i get a bunch of Spheres that i can put into empty slots of the Sphere Grid, and extra cut scenes with the Fayth. I also get to see what happened to the towns since the last time i was there, and what happened to Dona and Barthello.   Three down, three to go.
8 Wolf's Rain (Darcia, Kiba) 2 FLCL (Haruko)  1 Dragon Knights (Cesia)= 11 total  Comment, credit. ^^   Teasers:           Wolf's Rain  1.   2.   3.   4.   5.   6.   7.   8.     FLCL  9.   10.     Dragon Knights  11.    Credits! 9, 10—a quote from Shakespeare's  King Henry V  (which I'm /in/, btw...XD &lt;3 drama) 11—"Everything You Want" Vertical Horizon
Happy V-Day all!  In addition to Jess waking up at 5:40 with me to cook me a yummy breakfast AND a portable DVD player (just in time for my long flight/long lay overs to Canada coming up next week!), I walk into my office this morning to this:                     How sweet! :)  The only thing is, she has never been able to surprise me, and now she did it, I'll never hear the end of this one ;)
kristen came over and then instead of a movie we went out to diner at the hometown place near home depot  so know what? my free tickits still stand, i just need to get a time and date set up so don't worry  -NeKo
this is the best hting ive ever done.  RIDEZ .   its for a contest that converse is putting on. if this makes it onto tv they will give me $10,000. i think ive got a shot at it.  -sherman out
Congratulations!  Your application to study at Deakin University has been successful.   OMG!! I'm so pschyed...I just randomly checked my mail right now.  AGHHHHH!! So damn excited, can't wait to tell amma. I think I'm still gonna wait to hear back from Newcastle, but it just feels so good to know that I got in..I GOT IN!!!!!!!!!!
I did way better on my exam today than I had hoped for. YAY!! I love writing essays..thank god for arts. My memory is bad enough, and the excessive herb totally killed it even further. Ohhhhhhhh....my date is here...  :) gotta go!
Yep its true ^ ^  I am now mated to the sweetest fox I know,       staticfox    *kisses, licks, and nuzzles staticfox all over* :)
Well the Pope finaly died.       bokhorne    said so. TV as well. May he rest in peace and stuff.  Now media, fuck off and leave 'im alone.
She's not going to see this due to real life interference, but am posting it anyway because she deserves public birthday greetings.  So without further ado...     Happy Birthday       daisy_drabbles   !     You are way cool and fun.  Am very glad we met.  :D
Just found out my friends baby is due on friday, it feels slightly strange that one of our group is having a child but also rather nice. In case anyone is wondering, I still have no desire for one of my own.  Luckily I have the perfect gift sorted for the new mum, everyone else seems to buy pressies for the new baby even though it was the mother who did all the work!
*manages to get a few hours sleep and feels a bit better*  *puts  you  in a little pink dress, silver booties with the silver bracelet that Elladan gave you*  AH. SO. CUTE!!!! *g*
*wanders outside, wondering what to do with himself*  *wonders where Fin is*  *is strangely happy*  Hmmm.
*in contrast to the mun's weather, it's a lovely spring day*  *takes her son out to the park for all that good fresh air and exercise stuff*   ETA : *storms back home with Adunathor, muttering irritably under her breath*
Come on,  Seahawks!       Later:   Oh well.  At least they made it to the playoffs.  I remember when the 'hawks suuuuuuuccccked.
Thank you so much for the lovely card. It made my day. I haven't smiled for a couple days (and meant it), and your card really took me out of my slump. That was absolutely the best card I have ever received. Thank you so, so much. I love you, Oniisama. &lt;3            Doumo arigatou gozaimashita.
am off to mingle with jaguars and ocelots and whatever other kitties I can find!     this spottybutt will return on the 29th!
been doing more computer techy things lately- debugging virus/spyware infected comps, solving various other problems, setting up networks, purchasing and assembling systems....  the demand really is out there. &nbsp;if I had more time this would be a great business for me ^^
today my passport arrived, so in two weeks I can depart for mexico. &nbsp;humans look so silly with their sombreros. &nbsp;maybe I'll try one on and get a picture.
Trinity and I have been together for one month now. Going for 1.0000000001! Hehe. Anyways, it's great so far. ^_^
You're Tare Panda on the internet!      Which Tare Panda are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla    Current Music: If you can't see my current music, your cmoputer cannot read japanese characters. So it's Fur Elise, but it's something else in Japanese...
Goblin (Level 40) (841-56) (93.75%) Full Chain Armor, Dual Claymores, Ranking: 841 LIFE 50 (MAXED) POWER 35 OFFENSE 39 DEFENSE 50 (MAXED) REGENERATION 15  Elf (Level 41) (870-77) (91.86%) Full Mithril Armor, Dual Claymores, Ranking: 758 LIFE 35 POWER 24 OFFENSE 50 (MAXED) DEFENSE 43 REGENERATION 10  /salute
Trina and I were together for a while yesterday (Like an hour or so) and we hugged, kissed, and poked each other. It was great. ^______^ And I think she liked the heart necklace I gave her. :-)    &lt;3 Trina.
Just because you brand homeless people with your initials, it doesn't mean you own them. But if you give them $100, it does.  Taking pictures of snowflakes falling is a wonderful activity, even though it looks just like you took a picture of the stars. Or maybe it's a wonderful activity  because  it looks just like you took a picture of the stars?
Happy day-before-your-Birthday, Mikey!   Today, it would be in Derek Thunder's best interests to show up for AMU!   The rest of you! Here. 2pm. Kevin said he'll show up a lil' later, so except for Dee, we should have a full house!  Jake, take Linz' car so y'all can pick up Mikey and John.  Lets celebrate in style for the Mikester, shall we?  A'ight. See you in a few, everyone!
Okay, I admit it. There's no point to this post. I just wanted a chance to show off the nifty new icon       thehush    made for me.
I just got the results back from the test and all.  ...Fabian Prewett, Auror.  I rather like the sound of that.  As of today, life is  good .
wow there are 9 people in my house for the next week. I have 5 family members visiting, 2 of which are under the age of 2. I hope i enjoy it. I hardly ever have family visit since they all live in maine.
MxPx last night was so much fun. Definettly the best i have been to of theres. they played a bunch of older stuff including a couple of songs off there first album. I am gonna try go to go tonight too but i am not sure if i can. Things are going so well this week.
Courtesy of a dark archon having Mind Controlled an enemy overlord (and the hydralisk within, but that got quickly killed) and then an arbiter providing field cloaking.  Zerg, of course, don't traditionally get cloaked units.  The purple colour looks a lot more effective on the Overlord than it does on my Carriers, in my mind.    (Carriers in top left are       emperor   's)
I made myself new BSB icons tonight.  I'm  not  sharing them.  I've suddenly become kind of greedy about my icons, I think because the Photoshop muses are never kind to me anymore.  Freaking muses.            I shall be well prepared for the next two months of rabid fangirl posting now.  Go team me.
Just like to say that I had a really nice weekend :)  So thanks to those that i saw :)  Also, this is a cool album.   Alkaline Trio - Good Mourning
Good news:  If Quincy called me any more it'd almost be like he wasn't halfway around the world (i.e., Friday, Sunday, and again today).  :)  Bad news:  Mail takes 6 weeks to get to him.  :(  So a mixed bag, but I can live with it.  More about Condor this past weekend when I have time.
An Elton John concert is on Bravo and       kwycksylver    is here making fun of me with all of my swooning and drooling. So I find that that man is my god in music. *sheepish look and then returns focus back to Elton*
At long last, an entry about our trip to  "Las Vegas"  two weekends ago.  We had a fabulous time.  And there are photos, too!
I'm  "Still Smiling"  about my birthday weekend.  A lot of fun, it was!  So I wrote about it some more.
Today is my  "Six-Squared"  birthday.  Thanks to folks who have wished me a happy one!  It's been fun.  Please note that my e-mail and the URL for my Web site and journal have changed from spies.com to  leftfield.org , and update your bookmarks and links accordingly.  Thanks!
Taken at the Singapore Zoo, this is the first day of the trip, with Matt visiting some of his new friends!
This is from day one, around 7000-8000 ft.&nbsp; The vegetation started to thin out around 10,500 feet, and was mostly gone around 11,500-12,000 ft.
I figured I should post some pictures again.&nbsp; This one is from Mt Kinabalu, the highest mountain in southeast Asia at around 13,500 feet.&nbsp; Taken at the summit, just before sunrise.
I knew my immediate scores after the exam (hooray for CBT!), but just got the official score report in the mail.  Verbal: 640 (90th percentile) Quantitative: 670 (62nd percentile) Analytical Writing: 5.5 out of 6  Hotness.
I am off to Erotica Manchester!!!  But only for one day...Saturday...  But still I am gald to be going!!
I LOVE EVERYONE & EVERYTHING....... CONSIDER YOURSELF TO HAVE PETAJAYNE LOVE....... YOU LUCKY FUCKERS.............. PS I AM WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! !!!!!!!!! YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY goes & drinks champagne & eats donuts
Swiped from       ataramos   :  So, what's your favorite non-sexual guilty pleasure?   Being a FPS (first person shooter, like DOOM, Quake, Heretic, Unreal...) fangirl -- particularly of UT2004. IT IS TOO AWESOME :D
I can wear scrunchies again!! My hair is long enough!!!  *digs out her BOX of scrunchies and places it as part of her getting-ready-for-the-day routine*
The news 	today is that Cardinal John Ratzinger is favored as the new Pope. I was very pleased to learn that the actor who played Cliff Clavin on Cheers was in the running for this important position. We all know that Cliff was very wise, had an opinion on everything, and was never afraid to speak his mind.  Unfortunately, Julien pointed out that it was John  Ratzenberger . Shucks.
Paid account is up and running... got nummy pics up... now to figure out bloody lj coding for styles.... hrm, anyone wanna help out? ;p
I have a second interview with US Bank on Wednesday of next week for a IT/helpdesk position. Pray to whatever gods you believe in that I get this! This would be AWESOME for me!
They are taking my server, Silver Hand, down for a server patch. So far, reports from the servers that were brought down for this have been really positive. Thank you Blizzard for working on this, it's the night before a holiday and they are STILL hard at work trying to make sure this game runs well. That is what I call dedication to customers.  Yay!
I less than three karaoke very much. Tonight was great! Bush Gardens is a really fun place for karaoke, and has a really awesome crowd of regulars.
I had a really good day today and I'm not sure why. Things were humming along, work was being done, and I just found myself smiling all the time. Even the cold I've got wasn't getting me down.   &#10003;  - decent job  &#10003;  - social life  &#10003;  - place of my own  &#10003;  - great friends  &#10003;  - Sainsbury's Green &amp; Black Olive Houmus
merry christmas everyone! well i didn't celebrate it 2day cuz my dad's side is going through some tough times and they don't want to celebrate xmas..but 2morrow my mom's side is supposed 2 come over and its boxing day! i wanna go shopping 2morrow! lolzz...i think i will in the morning! ehehe...n e wayzzz hope everyone had a merry christmas!! =]
All i got to say is AWSOME..*N SYNC'z new single Pop is sooo awsome.now i really cant wait till the cd comes out jul 24.im such a dork/idiot lol cuz i thought they meant june 24...n when ppl were sayin they pushed it back i was like no n then i realized it was july 24 lol how stupid am i.well i have to get goin now Dark Angel is comin on(i luv that show lolz)
Hi everone. I wanted to tell everone about my trip to AZ I had so much fun I can't even deucibe how much fun I had. It was like a dream come true. I meet Sean mom and Ed.
i finally have a plane ticket to vermont and i can't wait. i think it's been over a year since i've been up. this trip means a lot to me, for many reasons...  i'm lucky enough to have   these guys  practicing at my apartment tonight.  and i  am  excited.  i'm just a dork.
my daughter will be 4 years old on the 25th. Not so long ago, she was a tiny nursey baby. now she's a confident, happy, smart little girl. someday, she will probably be taller than me and asking me for the car keys.
Wow, Gaara sure is looking mighty sexy now. Though not as sexy as Sakura in her new little outfit, my my. Our little girl is all grown up.  And I demand Lee action! Or an update, that'd be nice. Some Kiba thrown in would also rule. I'd ask for some Asuma, but that might be a little demanding.   And Sasuke.. whatever happened to my angsty little brat? I'm so curious!  /end short Naruto ramble
I did not know Natasha Lyonne was in the third Blade movie, that made it even better. Insanely attractive Ryan Reynolds + Natasha Lyonne = Awesome.   Aaaaand, now I probably won't be in the theater again until XMas (BILL MURRAY!!!)..
I'm in the newest issue of PSM magazine, showing off my Wizard Heartless costume. Go me!   Everyone should check it out, because I'm just that cool.
Talked to Juliana on the phone after she came back from the NS. I thought she would be very exhausted because of the life in camp, but to my surprise, she was very very happy and excited about NS. I'm glad that she enjoy her days in NS. She was very looking forward to join the NS 3 months ago and the day when she was allow to came home, she wanted to stay there forever. She is such a lucky girl!
One of the advantages of liking classical music is that it's so damn cheap.  I picked up six new CD's today for $26.  Sweet.
first year (all by "reddiej" unless stated):     second year:     third year:     (MAJOR growth spurt.)  four champions coming up in the fourth year:     and a little something extra (by "arienath"):     did you guys know that hermione's SPEW project is not going to be in the movies? it's so sad...
In Temple for Easter. Went for mexican food ( "wo, nachos"  &lt; /beavis-n-butthead&gt;) and to see a movie (Miss Congeniality 2; movie was good, Sandra bullock is hot; that is all) with Whitney, a girl i went to high school with.  hmm.  maybe if i have to move back to Temple after college (in a month and a half) it won't be all bad...  *smile*
Brayden smiled at me  four times  within the span of 30 seconds tonight! And he talked to me for a little while, too. Most. Precious. Baby. EVER. I love him so.
together in oneness for all we shall stand i let not the worries of day bother me for i have the comfort of night  telling tales of far from old i sit wondering, questioning everything i've been told this was not to rhyme but something told me, "i have the time..."  end finale'
I've had my first offer:  ABB for Computer Science with a year in North America at the University of East Anglia. Not bad. Holding out for Warwick though. *pokes Warwick*
Not sure how this happened, but it looks as though I'm both 90 & 84% compatible with drucsilla... However, I am most compatible with my sweet       nhudris_embrace   .  *nuzzle*
When there's nothing going on in the world, it's amazing what one little comment will do to brighten your day:    Tanny says:     haha..just wanted to say hi      See, that's all it takes to make me smile these days.  Those have been few and far between in recent times.  I'm not entirely sure I'll make it to the end of the school year the way I'm going.
I'm at School blogging this entry! Right now its supposer to be Western Social Studies but its switched with IT (computer) :D  Hmm...Got two test later.. so its really annoying.. HAVE TO STUDY HARD!!! GAH!! *dies*  Anyway with my class now... and everyone is online on msn =________='''
New photos are here - finally including the ones that were done by Pixie Fotos. Can you guess which ones?    http://lynette-paterson.fotopic.net/c43 5154.html
amazing . politics and hot queer sometimes S/M sex and fabulous, fabulous writing.   suspect thoughts: a journal of subversive writing   (Oh, and   Happy St.Patrick's Day!  )
I  love   love    love   my Heller.  I'll type up my schedule, when I get a chance.  (And now I know how to use colors in html!  Yay!)
Maybe today is not such a bad day... I just received my brand new 24 Season 2 DVD box. But I can't open it cuz my mom wants to give it to me for my birthday. I think I can wait. I'll try...
I am sending everyone I know an Invader Zim e-card. Don't tell me your e-mail address, or you might get one, too!
Incredible night.  I was told sincere, heartfelt words that I will remember forever.  I don't think it's possible for me to be any more lucky.  I love you, Dal.   I'm not insane that's how it seems though spiteful, cruel, but wise beyond his age my body fails my soul will rise the end of life's immortalized disease and agony and I see death through golden eyes
I got my brand-new computer yesterday!!  I was so surprised, considering I was originally expecting it to arrive on Friday.  Stephen had it all set up when I got home, including having a love song playing on it, and with Sims 2 installed and ready to go! :P  Aww. :)
The picture was taken the day after I got the conch pierced (CBR is a 12g), but the 10g CBR in the first hole of my lobe had been in there for a few months, at least.  Oh, and I stretched my first holes to 8g this morning with those tapers, so this pic is slightly out of date, but it'll do until I take a newer pic.
Seriously. The Americans will know this because it's been out there a while already. My review/thoughts from a messageboard:
So I got my new driver's license... it's wierd. In a lot of ways this feels more like turning 21 than actually turning 21 did :) (tho atlantic city is fun).  Now I need to go out and buy booze and drink I guess :)  Andrew
Briefly, I love launch.yahoo.com, once you pay $36 for a year's subscription. I've set up moods that are awesome and the quality is high and I can listen all day and skip all I want.  It turns on at 9AM and doesn't turn off until I leave (sometime between 5:30 and 6:00 PM).  I've heard so much awesome music it's not funny. :)  Highly recommended.
I have red hair  and i just filled a whole bin liner full of old clothes for my daddys age concern shop  aren't i nice :D
casspeach    is writing a series   AU.  Paul Davis/Rodney McKay   *cue fangrrl going boom*   Three chapters of 'A Taste of Honey' are up so far.   Go   And   Read    NOW   And encourage her to write more!!   /PSA
I wish I didn't procrastinate so much!  What was it we learned about controlling things at UMYS in the "It's my life..." workshop? I'm not doing too well am I?  Another acupuncture appointment today.  I'm hoping this'll feel more routine soon.  I get so nervous going toany medical area.  Why that is, I don't know. When's mom gonna get here with food? Hugs! Nickie
So, like, I bought this "iBook" thing today, and the "Airport Express", and the "AppleCare Protection Plan" today.  It's pretty neat. I like wireless networking rather quite a lot.
I've been  picked up  by my  Daddy !!! He promised he'd polish me! I'm going to be shiny! And I'll see my brother and sister!
I saw on TV this morning that the WB is bringing back the Smurfs!  The original even, not mutilated!!!   I can't wait until it starts airing again.  I loved the Smurfs as a kid.
I'm licking a monkeys foot. O.o  No, really, I am. :D Instead of a big chocolate bunny for easter, my dad got me a big chocolate monkey. &gt;_&lt; It's very good.  Right, so. :D Much fun. Just got out of a conversation with Gabi (whom rockes muchly) and, but of course, Jeanne (who also rocks very muchly). ^-^  Am happy.
Dopo la visione dell'episodio 18 di Gankutsuou avevo bisogno di un po' di fluff per riprendermi dall'angst.. e       kira_y    mi ha scritto  questa puccissima  Franz x Albert   ** Per chi sa leggere l'italiano.. XD E' una semplice PG e non ci sono spoiler per la serie visto che è ambientata prima dell'inizio.. in un periodo imprecisato XD Anch'io voglio un'icona Franz x Albert, cmq.. çç
*squee*  Yesterday       dungeons_master    gave me this wonderful present:        It's too  CUTE  for words! &gt;&lt;   ThanksThanksThanksThanksThanks!
It's been about.. almost 2 months since I took these pictures.. but I figure it's about time people actually got a chance to see them.      Me!  In all my apartmental glory.      Shannon with the ring I bought her.      Shannon, sleeping....  awww.      My Roomie.. man.. does he get down and party.  Click on the pictures for full-sized glory.
*really doesn't see what  ev  er  yo  ne  is making such a fuss about*  *shrugs*  *doesn't bother with trying to figure it out and leaves it to the grown-ups to sort it all out*  *skips off to the park with Ryn* :D :D :D  *teaches him to retrieve a frisbee once he's thrown it*
i went out with my dad tonight. we got chinese food.   i'm kinda in shock right now. i've never known him to be the kind of person to skirt big issues when given the opportunity to bring them up. yet...he didn't mention once how i haven't seen him for more than 10 minutes in over a year...  my boobs are pretty.
Hotmail increased their free email storage capacity to 250 MB!  I could have used this about a year ago -before- I did a mass deletion of stuff, but at least now I don't have to figure out how to forward mail to a g-mail address.
I have been kidnapped by       a_ringwraith   ! OH NO. Whatever should i do? I am like so never going to get down from this  2 floor apartment building  high tower with all those  chickens  guards stopping me from getting out.   There is even a ladder to climb down or an elevator if you are lazy. I think there is Starbucks up here too. Mmm, coffee.    Rescue me, pleeeeeeaseeee!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR MEEEE HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MEEEEEEEEE.  Yes today is my birthday and i want presents.
Just ate some mac and cheese with Ali. Shes a great girl. I am glad shes fitting in, and that she feels at home. We all need to have a place to call home.  Rogue and I are going to a movie later. We will call back to the mansion to check in. We will be very careful.
Took a  photo  last night at the party with Redbacks SLR and I must say I'm happy with it. Feel like a bit of a "look at me look me type wanker". Oh well.
The April Fool's show was so funny. I'm glad I brought my Frank stuff and was able to join in, in the craziness.  This whole weekend was fun. For once the fun didn't happen after I left Sci-Fri. lol    Alison, let me know when you're around this week and maybe we can do that photo shoot.
WOW!!!!! I almost forgot about my livejournal!!! how sad!  well here's just to say hello--i'll update more later!
..................... Got my desk. It rocks. Built my computer. It rocks. Have to return the video card. That sucks. But should have no problems getting a replacement. That's cool. Gotta get back to work. .......................
so uh  this is life? it's pretty cool. i'm doing stuff i like. hopefully my social skills will return :D oh wait - i never had them!  To Secret_person: BTW THE JOKE'S ON YOU HAH AHAHA!!!!
guess I'll make this public, finally, officially.  am dating wonderful guy.  I could probably wax poetic for awhile, but I'll just say this: holding hands is the best thing ever.  studio deadline, what?
Amy and I are staying together for the cats! Really though, there is so much work to be done, but for now i'm just happy that my heart gets to stay in the same apartment as me. I was so scared she was going to leave with it.  and
Not much of an update, really.  I just fiddled around with my userinfo again.  Tolkie loves you, children.
I guess I'd better just make sure nobody wants  this  before I adopt it.  In' she cute?  I think she is.  Lily, I made you a cheeseburger!
I'm an uncle!  Yay!  Morgan Alexander Still was born today in England.  There was much rejoicing...  c.
This puppets were handmade with love by       malmostosa    (also check       filoillogico    for some more of her amazing work) who was inspired by   Bruttavita   and made a little Bruttavita family  and then gave them to us, so that we can use them for next year's issue. Aren't they totally cool?
Parents and brother home safe. It's actually nice having others in the house. The calm was good, but I think one reason I had so much trouble sleeping last night was that it was just TOO quiet...  So anyway, all's well and the family is back. *yawns and streches* back to reading...
Happy Birthday to       lunkidunk   . Hope the day is fantastic with everything you wish for in the coming year.
To everyone that celebrates, hope you all have a very happy and extra sparkly holiday.        tallories          raaone          sunshine611    thank you for the wonderful holiday cards.       sjrules    thank you for the e-card, you're a sweetie.  and even though I know she won't see this, happy birthday to my mom :)
So tonight?  AMAZING.  I'll write all about it tomorrow, because it really was a great day, but until then (and until I get my Lomo shots developed) here's a few pictures to tide you over. Because I'm sure you really care.               So tomorrow, maybe Star? Maybe food? Who knows, but dang if I'm not excited.
I can wear dresses again.  It makes getting dressed in the morning so much easier.  Of course, that means I have to shave my legs more often, but it's a small price to pay.
ok... so we're driving to Q-Cup... and we see this Dreyer's truck... and we wave at it... and he starts yelling that he has ice cream if we follow him to his next stop... so we do... and he gave us like... 2 big boxes of ice cream.... Good times... hehe
Me: "Yeah, well I'll think YOUR mom and the quasi-jew up your ass so there" Mike: "Oh, so that's what that button does..."  haha... he should pay attention :p
Hmmm I'm really starting to like Maroon 5... I've only heard two of their songs but I love both of them, "This Love" and "Harder to Breathe" .. they're REALLY good!! *boogies* :P
I DID IT I DID IT OH YEAH YEAH YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *dances*  To those that play on neopets, you'll understand this... I GOT THE LAB RAY!!! YAY!!! *dances the super duper happee dance*
This past year has gone so quickly, yet so much seems to have changed.  It's a very weird feeling.  It's our anniversary today.   It's been three years since I first emailed him. It's been two years since I first heard his voice on the phone. And it's been one year exactly since I first felt his lips against mine.  Yes, good things come to those who wait.  :-)
sorry, aya 小妖~ I have a lot of dolls in my room. today I bought a doll again. it is GLOOMY~ I like it~ it is so cute~~ I like it so much~ *kiss GLOOMY*
begin:    i would've worn the skirt but it was sooo short and pleated all around...super cheerleaderish. i would've had to wear opaque stockings and pants...  end:        it's reversible! yayy hahah. and it's really small since my scraps were smallll. :-)    i have no life.
Okay, production day!   AND, a very happy birthday to       farrah    and       angelofsin   !! And early birthday wishes to       weekend   , since I dunno if I'll be around tomorrow! :D   That's about it. ^^  Love and Peace,  NTG
Turns out I got an awesome deal for the Google bag !  Damn happy ! ;-)  Some more later !&trade;  -nerdy
Herez wishing       louiswu   ,       mesgollum    &       astra1111    A very happy birthday ! :-)  -nerdy  PS: As usual thanx to       teemus    for the  pointer  !  Also,  there is every chance of three different cakes ! ;-)
ANGELO'S IS OPEN! yes, the best mango water ice on the planet is in my possession now.  I'm going to Maryland with Chuck and Aly tomorrow, should be back sometime Monday night.  that's all.
They're making a Last Unicorn movie with real actors etc.!  I can't wait...  that's one of my most favorite childhood movies, second only to this one cartoon that was vaguely about the Greek myth about pegasus...  anyways, if anyone (though I doubt it) that reads this is interested in storyboards and such, the development site is here:   http://the-last-unicorn.net/index.h tm
Yay!  Today's my 2 month dating-anniversary :)  By the way, how long is it till most people stop doing the every month thing?  I'll probably keep doing it, I was just wondering when most people stop.
Only about 6 hours later than planned. :-/  Ah well, it should be a wonderful weekend - I'm really excited. :)  Wish me good skiing, and no unanticipated bumps, scrapes, or breaks. ;)
a housewife was so pleased with the promptness shown by the grocer's boy that she asked him his name. "shakespear" replied the boy.  "well this is quite a famous name", said the lady.   "it should be. i have been delivering in this neighbourbood for almost three years now."
Sweet Lord, someone please buy me this:     "This is a life-like 5.5" tall black monkey posed golfing."   I'm serious. I must own it.
A wonderful and happy birthday is wished to Katy, Debbie and Jared! I hope you all have a great day and I'm so looking forward to seeing Katy & Debbie later this week so I can deliver proper birthday hugs!!!
well, at 3:45 AM the client called off the launch because their search servers couldn't handle more than 100 simultaneous users for over 45 minutes.  next *possible* launch date - saturday night.  sooooooooooooo i'm still on the project but i have the day off, and no calls to bug me this weekend, so i'm gonna have fun :)
Truly appalling-  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/439 2519.stm   http://www.boston.com/news/globe/id eas/articles/2005/02/13/spy_world?mode=P F   Rest in Peace, Pope John Paul II.
har har.  I'm totally 'thank God for beef'ing pink-grapefruits layout. Yep. Bright colours and hot boys, that's what it's all about.
Have I mentioned lately that Constantine/Balthazar makes me hott? Cause yeah, it does.  Woke up to a txt from       princessrandom    about corn. I was half asleep and I found it absurdly amusing.   "I can take you to a real cornfield..."    People are already fighting over my My Little Pony paintings and I havn't even done them yet. It's disturbing.
Have I mentioned lately that I lovelovelove       princessrandom   ? seriously, sometimes I love her so much I want to cry &lt;3333  wow span, way to make yourself sound like a lesbian. I HAVE A BOYFRIEND !!!! . *stares at photo of her*  So now Im gonna do some OMGWTFLOLZHI2U TORZ AND SPAN PICTURE SPAMINIZE!!!!                      YAY!!!!
Just got back from a weekend of partying and Big Day Outing. Was the fucking best day of my life.  Photos &amp; video soon.
So, I may not actually have a first class today, my prof may still be getting back from France, or maybe I will.  Will know in 10.  But in the mean time....neato goddess stuff.  :)
June 11th was Beefcake's FIRST BIRTHDAY. Everyone should wish him well.  I was sick on the 11th so he laid next me in bed all day long.   What a sweet cat he is.  Though this place is old and cheap we now live in a big house for him and his sister to run around in and play and be happy.
http://solidcore.com/  officially launched yesterday at  http://www.metagroup.com/us/events.do?l anguage=English&locale=en_US&event_id=MMW2005&goTo=Sponsors   Was a Big Success and has got a very good response. All positive signs for more and more work..!!
How can you not love  70s comic book ads ?  I can't believe people are so wowed by that Hostess superhero shit when, hello, DIM MAK POISON HANDS TECHNIQUE.
Whenever I'm tired or depressed, I find it helps to spend a few minutes using Google Image Search to view pictures of cornball German 80s rapper Falco.           Ahh.
Oz, Oz, Oz.   Christopher Meloni as Keller, HOLY HELL. Why are psychotic predators (as portrayed on tv & in movies) so unbelievably interesting?  And the guy that plays Kareem Said! He's just ... maybe the toughest, smartest, most thought-provoking character study I've ever seen.  I have joy that this show exists. Biting, man, gorgeous terror. Totally addicted.
Well, I missed it by a couple of minutes, but it was Pi Day yesterday (March 14).  I had a great time today with the Mass in Time of War performance.  I think it went really well.  Unfortunately, I'm really tired now so I'm not going to write much.  Coming up is my last full day of classes.  Then, I start finals.  Huzzah!
I just got back from seeing a really, really, really good production of  Equus , a play that effortlessly melds sex, horses, and religious idolatry in an extremely Kaori-esque fashion. Brilliant. Now I shall drink whiskey and watch episodes of Texhnolyze with my roommate. It's been a good day.
Red  is of course the color of love and passion, but also of chivalry and courage.  Orchids  represent fervour and eroticism. You are a very romantic person, your aim in life is love and be loved, but with respect and deep feelings.      What flower - color association are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
We got to watch Harry Potter yesterday. We had to go through 3 different malls, stand in line for the longest time, and spend more than 3 hours waiting for the movie to start.   But it was worth it :)
I have been acting a bit too kiddish in the past few days. Wanting to watch cartoons and pillow fights with pranav and the kiddish talks with rahul and purushottam. the wierd me. pj even thought I was drunk(kidding she was :P)! its so wonderful to just be a carefree kid! having the time of my life!
Ben Lee, 20th May, the Tivoli.  Dogs Die In Hot Cars, 7th May, the Tivoli.   Looks like I'm going to be going back to being rather poor again.
Na na na, na na na, he's alive! That was the day my dead pet returned to save my life!  Alice Cooper, everybody!  Hehehe, yeah, definately back...      &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;     Anti-choice is misogyny.       Just a little something I saw and liked ^_^  Anyway, until further notice, I'll actually be posting more, and I'm serious.  I find myself in a pretty good mood!
I am not supposed to be on the computer for non-work reasons at work.  But I would just like to say:  Happy birthday,       dinahdork   !  That is all.
I  nailed  that archaeology presentation today. The other members of my group told me I was amazing, random people in the class told me I was amazing, and after class Conor Newman (whom I fangirl way more than it is proper to fangirl your professors) told me I was amazing.   And now I'm done with two more classes and the world seems like a  much  better place.
I'm off to NYC for a week, so I'll be incommunicado for the most-part. Expect lots of pictures when I get back!
Naneth ?  What were you planning on doing about this engagement party?   So I can marry Amarie as soon as possible and don't feel the need to elope.  *silly grin*
My LJ is mostly friends only now @_@. I'll add you most likely if you add me X) It isn't all friends only, but the majority. =P If you aren't on my friends list/were removed, it's nothing personal, there's just some entries I don't feel comfortable that you read ^_^; Anyway...reply to this post if you add me, because it's kinda hard to tell now @@
I found a rimmed long sleeve....violet shirt X) A bit colourful for me (I usually just wear navy blue/black jeans and white/black shirts) but it works. And yay :D@my figure drawing book came in the mail today!
P     Powerful       I     Irresistible       N     Normal       K     Kinky       S     Strong       H     Humorous       A     Astonishing       K     Kinky       E     Explosive       Name / Username:       Name Acronym Generator  From  Go-Quiz.com
It's my birthday  Nekotime has been up for 1 year  Oken and I are now off to get really drunk and watching Olsen Twins films allllll night   KIkko's run screaming from the room again   $
I have an sex-related filter that I occasionally post things to (and will be adding some girly-shots to soonish).  If you aren't on it, and would like to be, let me know.  It's stuff that I don't want to be throwing out into the web at large, so please don't duplicate it to anywhere public.
Spent most of the evening getting laundry and my strewn stuff put away.  Still a lot to go, but soooo nice.  I decided to cap it off by vacuuming so it would really feel clean, and instead managed to fill the room with the stink of burning rubber belt. Um.  Jai is going to poke at the vacuum's innards before I try that again.  but I woke up in sunlight.
I got a book about Canada from 1999.  But that's just because I rock it old school.   I may or may not be taking some risque pictures soon.  I don't really think much of it actually.   My nose is leaking, but at least I'm not sick...  I still get kinda lonely sometimes.   Where is everything heading?  I wish I could stop asking myself that,  But I am happy.
Thursday, March 24th!  7pm-9pm!  JILL GUEST BARTENDING GIG!  The Venus Room, 59th and 1st Ave!  $3 Wells and Beers til 9!  I get to keep my tips, so feed a poor girl and buy booze!  Yes, that's the night before Good Friday.        leopard_lady   :...and I'm sure waking up on Good Friday with a hangover wouldn't be too great either.        findingophelia   : Eh, the disciples did. ;-)  :)
Ignoring all the updating I should be doing:  Saturday 22nd January Theme: Goth/Punk Dinner provided about 7-7:30pm.  Bring empty stomachs  Everyone on friends list invited.  Especially Rae. Invite people you know I may not have contacted but who I would want to come ie: school friends and such.  If in extreme doubt, email me.  comment or email any queries (silvarai [at] maow.myip.org)
I was not quite so preoccupied with Christmas preparations seven years ago. Seven years ago we had a baby boy! Now he stands up to my shoulder, has started calling me "MOM" in the last couple of days (rather than mommy) and informs me at every turn that he is seven and can do this or that. :)  HAPPY BIRTHDAY SEAN!!!!
The new Doctor Who series, which doesn't yet have a US distributor,  does  have an agreement with a Canadian channel--a channel that Comcast happens to carry.  Woo-hoo, new Who!    (CBUT, channel 99, Tuesday's at 8, if you're interested ;&gt;)
So yeah, Brandee might be coming out tuesday night....So here I was thinking about what to do when she mentions..."do you have any arcades open late by you?"......arcade?? lol you wanna go to an arcade???   "yeah why not?"  hehehe :)   I don't know why I get along so well with someone that does things like that :)
Yes!   Yes, yes, yes!!   Go here:    http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/7051296/       This is awesome, hopefully it means that the death penalty will be abolished entirely instead of just for minors.   I'm not excusing criminals for the crimes, I'm just pointing out the hypocrisy of killing murderers.
Firefox.  And it has a working pop-up blocker.  I think I'm going to cry from joy.        desdenova   , you were right.  I   should   have switched to OS X years ago.  It's just that it was so slooooowwww on that computer.
so       piscesboi    and I are officially engaged.  wedding plans are still a ways off, but will be noted when we decide on them.  very exciting :)  in other news, quizes - i took the very awesome quiz by  necrodoll .    You are "Cheshire Cat"      If Looks Could Kill... - Girls & Monsters - Who Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla
so Human Resources called me today.  they have been trying to contact me for a week now, as an investigation was started by someone or automatically.  either way, they called to tell me not to worry; that i would keep my Manager position and pay.    i feel like a sense of faith has been renewed in the system.  i am so happy. :)
80 oz does not give you twice as much freedom...  it gives you a belly ache and a trip to the nearest restroom facility.    Mark just attacked me with a monster Nerf gun. Apparently, he and Ryan spent 135 dollars on 18 guns. Nerf wars will erupt...there is no question. I'm so psyched right now. Excuse me while i seek revenge.  -Bri Bri Weavy
Many of you love to make icons, and all of you on my friends-list love at least one Whedonverse show, therefore:         _whedonicontest      Run. Join. Make with the merry, and the icons!  Because it's just so much fun *g*  *sidenote*  I'm seriously considering getting a paid LJ - more icons *sob*  I'm in denial.
Chipotle, Godiva, Martini and Rossi, flowers, and a hand drawn picture of the cutest girl in the world (me).  All things that make this Valentine's Day a wonderful day.  I would say more, but words are silly and superfluous.
Happy Birthday To Me!  Thanks to all for the phone calls, notes, birthday wishes, and goodies. It's been a wonderful day, and I expect it will continue so. You guys just make it that much better. Yay!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday yesterday, whether in your own journal or in comments in my journal :-)  I was so feelin' the love with the LJ posts and comments and the e-mails from family members and phone calls from family and friends and just MMMMm Happiness :-)  My friends rock :-)
Happy birthday to us!  Sixteen years ago we were born, and the world rejoiced.  A pearl and lotus flower, all for you to see.  Hogwarts, you truly are blessed!   *squee*  I love you Padma! Happy Birthday, sister!
Hey everybody, looking for something to do on this sunny afternoon?  Maybe you should check out the unique acoustic songs of me, Jon Maranville, at the Campus Coffee Bean today from 4pm till 5-ish.  You know you want to.  Thanks, bye.  P.S. Today is the day to vote for your student government. nau.edu/asnau Vote before 5pm
Congratulations to  Makiko Kaijima , who has completed the requirements for graduating with an MS from the  Artificial Intelligence Center .  She switched from exercise science to AI at the same time I came in to the field from philosophy.  For her thesis project she used neural networks to analyze the gait of dogs and diagnose problems with walking.
Thanks for the movie and food, guys =)  Sorry we didn't get much time to chat.  When we left Borders I thought we were meeting up again elsewhere, so I didn't really say thanks and goodbye.
me and jahan are having a nice conversation :D im so gladddddd hes my best friend. hehe this convo is long. but i have to sleep soon and i don't want it to end!!!!!!!!  i have to visit him. xoxo alona
I should update my journal more often..   But check my new Amelie avatar! :)  Original can be found   here .
So yes...  yesterday it was lovely outside...  why is it ugly today...  SO  i went to look at my new place of residence... im very excited and the interior decorator in me is screaming.. and im so excited bc my new roomies said I could decorate!!!  I went to Home Depot and picked out happy colors...  so yes that was my day
I got my bike: a  Trek 3700 .  Now begins the search for the bike trails and streets to get to places the most efficient and fast way. :)
Yay!  Free They Might Be Giants concerts are awesome!  I thought it was very good, and they managed to play a lot of songs given they only played for half an hour.  Got some CD's and a poster signed, too.  Woohoo!
Of course we're still on! I'll see you then, I guess. Looking forward to it~ -Demise    Okay, so I met Blaise's brother in Hogsmeade last weekend.  ...he's... A lot nicer than Blaise. But thats not saying very much, is it?  He's fantastic. And he's taking me to dinner.  See? Who needs Harry Potter. I'm beginning to think Mandy Brocklehurst had the right idea...
:) i love you! school can suck my ass. today is a beautiful day, too beautiful to be confined. instead of snow days, they should have awesome weather days. :) like today. so we can run around and be free and not lose what little is left of our childhood before life takes it over and we become slaves to the work force.   live! today!
Yay, I have a summer job in Angola!  No needing to go to Floridia for the summer! Staying in Villas!  Having bandwidth ( I BETTER HAVE THOSE T-1S STILL HERE OR OTHERWISE SOMEONE WILL HAVE PAIN ), relaxing in AC, this is the life....  Now I just need to buy a bicycle so I can go to work easily.
Y'know what I like about SG:A fandom?  There's new fic, like, all the time.  It's amazing.  I've never gotten into a fandom this close to the beginning of the show before - close enough to watch the fic explosion all over lj.  It's great.  In honor of this, I give you a  link  to random Sheppard/McKay slash by       resonant8   .  Which is special because of the triffids.  (Hee...triffids.)
Why do I keep on forgetting what happens when I ask people to look at my stuff? Oh, right, cuz working in a vacuum is bad.  At least I got an oekaki. In       spammiches   .  Fuck it all.
hi guys.  just got back from ecp.(juen, i don't care what you say but ecp is nicer than changi beach).anyway, we went cycling(somehow the back trip seemed longer than the first).and i flew a kite! no very successfully. once it fell on top of this poor suntanning lady. hmph.. then we went to jumbo. and now im back. ok. wateva.  jo.
*has a paid account* :D  *decides to put it to good use and concentrates on shapeshifting practice*  :o :D  *surprisingly finds the bedroom door unlocked, which may have something to do with the fact Tevildo's fallen asleep on top of the covers, fully dressed, again*  Ada! Adas!
To the girl that's a sexy as all get out!    Knows how to cop a good feel!    More fun than you can shake a stick at!!    One of my favorite people.    Happy Birthday Deb!
why the title? because that's what i'm listening to : bryan adams - back to you! and there's only think i'm thinking of :-)
Well I seen some people in FV I dont see to often. One of them being Scout heh..came to visit ^_^;;     And the other being one of the original chars on Ken Server ID: Knight ^^;
well it's 4:17a.m. and I'm up. The sounds of basslines and rhythm sections is all around, wafting up the valley from Port of Spain, St. Clair and Maraval. Insanity. Oh well gonna get back to doing my do :})        Earth  -  Sevenfortyseven
Well, Darrell & I got new PDA's on Friday. He finally got the bluetooth connection working yesterday, so today I downloaded a PDA client. This is my first post from my Tungsten T5. If all works correctly it should update when I get home.
TODAY  SEX good food SEX nap SEX more good food some stimulating drinks SEX snuggle time romantic evening out cocktails for 2 home SEX,SEX and (maybe) SEX!
So if Gill's reading this...she should get a livejournal too... :)  I was togo-ing by myself for the first time last night...made $46 in tips ;) WOO Yay for tippage...  Slept over at Emilee's house two nights ago, and Lacie's last night.  Both nights ROCKED. Attempted to help Em die her hair and Lacie...well...Lacie and I  chilled .   Hah great times guys, great times!!   C'est ma vie. *~zsa~*
w00t!  Rydberg  now displays your friends list history in reverse chronological order, i.e. most recent day shown first. :)
Shawnie left me at dragon sitter whe he go see star wars movie few weeks ago. but he said I been very good dragon,  so he gonna take me wit him.  to celebrate, I play dress-up today. hardest part was makin' lightsaber. but made sure to spend time on details. even got Darth Maul print huggies.  ...what?  just because I cute lovable dragon not mean can't pretend be meanie-head bad guy sith! heehee.
okay so a lot has happened  got myself the greatest girl in the world&lt;3333333  been doing nothing but wasting my time online and stuff  starting up one cool band  and yeah. that's it  been guitaring i up latley, too   later girls and guys   I LOVE YOU SHANNON
ok here's the weekend  Friday ++Andrews Saturday ++Andrews, Marching Band thingy, home Sunday ++home, Leos Monday ++Leos, home   if you all go ot the marching band thing i'll see you. don't ask me where it is, i don't know
I had a perfect last day of spring break. Mo, Gavin, and the mall were fun. Dinner with Tricia is always a plus.   Now I must go pack for state.  And write a paper.  I get the feeling I won't sleep tonight.
Life is simply beautiful.  Today was great.  I don't think it would have been the same without all the rain. We got matching firehouse hats. It's the little things that make me happy.  I hope you all have a happy easter.  If you need me tomorrow I will be re-living my childhood and coloring eggs. Don't tell me, I know you're jealous.
Hey Zeenat!  Nice to read your comments on  Rediff !  Happy for ya...  Nakul  PS: Even though the article is an year old... I felt the need to congratulate ya ;-)
The much spoke-about Mozilla Firefox Two-Page ad is out:       For more details of the ad, or to download a PDF of the same, or even to buy a special full-size poster visit  here .  Have you got Mozilla Firefox yet?       Is it time to proclaim: The web browser is dead. Long live the web browser.   ?
Yeah, it's still daily for now...once things calm down a bit and it becomes more routine I'll cut back or stop with these, but for now I'd like to keep posting to remind me when it's not going so well that sometimes everything goes my way, and also so I remember my first steps into these games better than I remember some of the lower levels.
It's the birthday of one of my favourite people! This girl is just wonderful. Talented writer, amazing friend, and she's literally my icon fairy! We're constantly spamming each other, and no comment is ever too random. *winks*      Happy Birthday,       simplelyric   !     I hope you have a great day, honey! Your friendship has meant so much to me over the past year.
The Burnt Almond Cake from Peter's bakery is better than the Burnt Almond Cake from Dick's.  Dick is famous for this particular cake but he and Peter are brothers so I'm assuming that it's some kind of family recipe.  Anyhow, Peter's is a little sweeter and a little more frosting-licious, if ya feel me.  I'm enjoying a piece right now.
I think that, aside from the whole "Jesus being born" thing, Christmas lights are my favorite part of the holiday.
so i feel incredibly in my body right now, and just so damn happy.  I feel like I'm not carrying around this burden that I seem to always ignore.  I want to feel this way all the time.  I think I'm making progress in whatever it is that I'm supposed to be making progress in.  Life?  Something like that.
Ten thousand obscuria points to anyone who can identify that title.  Twenty if you can remember the rest of it.  Just finished Hedge Knight.  OMGOMGOMG WANT THE NEXT SoIaF BOOK RIGHT GODDAMN NOW.
I decided to do something amazing. I moved my computer into my living room.  Yay for me!  Now i'm drained for energy.
Louis Vuitton             100%       Abercrombie & Fitch             92%       Diesel             92%       Anna Sui             83%       Dior             58%       Burberry             33%       Gucci             33%       Tommy Hilfiger             33%       DKNY             17%       Chanel             8%        What Designer Brand Are You?   created with  QuizFarm.com
Attention! I want to know what your favorite  rain  lyrics are.  Lyrics that mention or are about rain.  Mine is:  "Wet bus stop, she's waiting.  His car is warm and dry."   --"Don't Stand So Close to Me" by The Police            guitarcries   , I know you must have some good ones you're thinking of!
Hey, Mouse, have you ever tried biting Dani's ears?  heh. heh. heh. heh. heh.  Do. ;)   (other highlight of evening: went to AU and saw Rocky Horror. very fun. must clean kitchen now and then sleep.)
So, I'm in a better mood now.  Slept all day and had a yummy pizza for dinner.  Better.  No word from Daddy, so my day's been great.
because I'm thinking about it now...  Tomorrow afternoon I'm leaving the PLU campus to go to Shoreline, then on Friday afternoon/evening I will be on a train to Montana for the weekend. I'll be back on campus Tuesday afternoon. Hope everyone has a good weekend (I know this is a little early to say, but oh well...)!  :) :)
Castro Valley to Berkeley Berkeley to Half Moon Bay Half Moon Bay to Moss Beach Moss Beach to Berkeley Berkeley to Oakland Oakland to Lafayette Lafayette to Walnut Creek Walnut Creek to Castro Valley  A lot of driving today... but worth every mile!
I haven't smiled this happily in quite a long time.  Whoever says kindness is a waste of time is a fool.  I'm just... so happy... I don't know what to say.  I hope this will last.
The guy at the Farmer's Market doesn't know it yet, but he just got a life long customer. The guy sells diet rootbeer. Good diet rootbeer. Diet rootbeer that tastes like rootbeer and has  zero calories.  It's not the cheapest rootbeer I can buy, but hell, all the taste and no calories.  Love.
I work next to a porn store, I've driven an hour without seeing a street light, and I've handed out enough business cards to choke some small woodland creatures.  This is gonna be the best career EVER!
Bide-A-Wee had excellent records for Aoki when we got her, including her exact date of birth: 15 April 2004. So today she is officially no longer a kitten, but a cat.  Of course, she's still all tiny and stuff, so she will continue to  look  like a kitten.  I like the fact that 15 April means something other than tax day in our house. *smile*  So happy birthday to the no-longer-a-kitten!
Okay, can we just never let Mariano Rivera pitch against the Red Sox? They've obviously figured out how to hit him (which puts them one up on the other 28 teams). Derek Jeter saved it all with his walkoff home run (only his second, and his first in the regular season), but damn.  And Hideki Matsui is  still  on a pace to hit 162 home runs. *laughs*
Arthrok, Tarn and Thonanaan make a great team.  One has big blue, one turns into an invisible cat, and me?  Well I'm Charlie.  I sit back, phone it in, and throw a little healing around from time to time.  Despite that I don't think they hated having me - after all I did manage to heal both of them at least once in just the nick of time in the middle of battle.  And so to bed.
you are the cute but psycho happy bunny. You adorable, but a little out there. It's alright, you might not have it all, but there are worse      which happy bunny are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
This is a general invite to Johnny's bachelor party!  It isn't a secret so don't worry about that.  It will be Saturday evening guys only of course and all who want to come are welcome.  Drop me a line a let me know if you can make it!
Last night was so great! 'Least I had fun, hope y'all did too. It was wonderful to see so many people all gussied up and enjoying themselves. It really felt like a party!
wa..... last nite went esplanade dance..... the place is so beautiful!! esp at nite..... wa and very cooling..... is near the bridge..... den can see fullerton rite in front..... haiz... *dreamy sigh* im in love with tat place......  haha better still BOTH den & tim were there... haha......
ok so i have a really good idea for some journal posts. but i need to do some writting for it first and im tired right now. but i think it should be good. it's an interactive story, [i'll explain it all later] and once&nbsp;a week i will put in another installment it should be good. COMING SOON
Many snugs and hugs go out to       colifox    and       ysengrin   , I hope that both of you have a wonderful day.
I'd just like to wish       cameronwolfe    a very happy birthday! *slides him a cupcake with a single birthday candle on it* Make a wish wolfy and I hope you had a great day *hugs ya tightly*
Just like to wish a very happy birthday to       berin    and       tyber_de    *hugs you both tightly and places party hats on your heads* Hope you two have a wonderful birthday. :)
I just saw Return of The King tonight, all I can say is it was so awesome. Though I cried a lot while watching it (first person to make fun of me is going to get beaten up ;)), I highly reccommend that everyone go see it.  Oh and thanks to       kage_matsuri    for sending me "Into The West", it's a very beautiful song, perfect for the ending of the Return of The King.
An hour and a half wait is a  long ass  time for a stupid piece of paper.  Luckily, I had my sketchbook with moi :)
~CyberTaco~                                LJ  friendsCollage .  	    Brought to you  by       pratibha75    and       teemus   .
One piece is comming out on cartoon network w00t  I love that one, first read it in jump...w00t happy happy happy
Over-all... today has been a great day. I've patched things up with Erica (or am in the process of doing so). I can't tell you how happy I am about that. I've missed her. We're going to the movies tomorrow after I get back from Sean's.
So... Sean's surgery was done today. He seems to be doing ok and I can't tell you how happy I am about that. Yep... hopefully, the next week will be ok and everything will go back to the general greatness.
To everyone who phoned, messaged, and visited me, I appreciate it and I love you guys.  Thanks.  I'm looking forward to this weekend's party, I don't know what to expect, but I'm sure it will be great!
This was a rather long entry, so I've attached it as a comment because I don't want to clog up a bunch of people's friends pages.  Many of you know about the events of last night, those who don't will probably find them amusing.  However, to put it very simply: I'm glad I have such great friends.  I love you guys.  You make my life so much better.  Thanks.
I love my boyfriend Ryan, he is the most amazing guy ever :-* I GOT A PAID ACCOUNT + EXTRA ICONS. I'm so happy. People, make me icons cause I suck :-* Oh I'm doing the "username - hi I love you" thing that was going around, I'm just not finished, hopefully it will be done later today! I LOVE RYAN SO MUCH. Oh come online sometime, will you love? :-*   I do need a new layout too :[
Happy Birthday Pops!     &nbsp; &nbsp;  I couldn't have asked for a better dad ( malamang , hehehe...). Thanks for everything and promise next year  nandiyan na rin ako ! ^_^
If you woke up and I was in bed with you, what would be your first thought? (Now post this in your LJ and find out what mine would be)    -ChriZno
Uhm...  anyone want a subbed  version of *Innocence* ???  ^_^ I ran across this last night. It's raw was a cam, but atleast you can get the idea before going to see it in theaters on the 17th like me!   GiTS 2 : Innocence
Damn, but John Picacio can paint.           The press release .   I got  so  lucky when I got hooked up with Picacio.
I finally  updated my website  (just the oekaki section).. (I logged onto aim!) and I redid my  lj layout , so now it's err.. supposed to be firey like my lj icon, which finally includes some of my artwork!
http://nuar.lunarpages.com/video/SW_mir rors.htm   The Star Wars Episode III trailer, with 1337 subtitles.  Hoo boy, this was funny first thing in the morning. :)  Online gamers and geeks, check it out.  (If you're not as familiar with leetspeek or massmogs, you might not get all the jokes.)  I'm willing to donate a buck to him for providing the fun-nay.
so the shout out to the happy birthday wishers was meant to be a thank you to them, not a guilt trip to others.  i appreciate phone calls and nice messages but they are not required to be my friend.  so you guys with the belated birthday wishes rock too. : )
We had a great time tonight.   I admit that I was kind of expecting amateur night, and I mostly went because it's a Common Ground fundraiser thing, but it ended up being really, really good. We laughed a lot, and I got to get to know the_surfacer a little better, which was a pleasure.   My sweetie will be here tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!
Merry   Christmas  everyone!!  (Or Happy December 25th if you dont celebrate Christmas)  Hope everyone got what they wished for and has a very happy and peaceful day xx
When was the last time you popped "Rhythm of the Pridelands" into your car's CD player and listened to it at a good loud level to drown out a lot of the noise around you?  It's been ages, listened to it on the way home today and it washed away the days stress.  Do it, you will feel a lot better when you get home
The Audigy 4 Pro is installed, the SW1000XG's digital output it piped straight into the Audigy's I/O hub, and everything works perfectly and sounds  great!
OMG!  Buster was on Dawson's Creek this morning!  He played a very serious doctor.  I kept waiting for him to say, "Heeeey coworker!"  ETA:  New Arrested Development Mood Theme!  XD
I went to Walmart tonight to pick up some stuff for my big music apprec project, and found The Postal Service's "We Will Become Silhouettes" single in the CD section!  I love that song so damn much.  (It's always a surprise to find stuff like that at Walmart, too.)  Also:  I have reached over 10,000 songs listened to on my  Audioscrobbler !  Wow I've sat on the computer a lot.  :/
http://movies.channel.aol.com/franc hise/exclusives/phantom.adp   ^_^   The first trailer for the Phantom of the Opera movie. It's not much, but still nice to watch. Can't wait for the movie! ^___^
I just wanted to say..    Happy Birthday to Faye and Mel!!!   Hope you have a fun day and may all your wishes comes true!! ^^    Mel , I hope Anthony has given you my pressy by now...^^; (if now I'll take it back from him and give it to you myself ^-^)  Faye , I'll give your pressy this week ^-^
Sekiguchi, an old doll company, will release Momoko doll from now on. Moreover, the price of new Momoko is lower(8,190yen) than Petworks' original momoko.  The photo of new Momokos(sample), taken from " PostPet TIMES ".    Ahh, I want the left one absolutely. XD    [Added] Another photo from  Robo Chris .
I just got quasi-hit on by a really cute guy that I&#8217;ve seen at happy hour a few times now!  I can now go back to sleep happy.   ...I&#8217;m such a dork!
The two main reasons today was such a good day:  1 ) When I got to work, I found that one of my coworkers had baked me a birthday cake. =]    2) A really cute guy shamelessly hit on me.  Woohoo!   Anyway, that is all!
Did anyone know it was "Womens' Day" yesterday? What a weird holiday -- apparently that was what the weird sign at google was for. I'm not complaining though; we got a half day off from work because of it! So Belated Happy Womens' Day to the women out there. :)
The subject sounds awful, I know. Haha...but I just received some pictures from last Saturday's dinner and I now have Hooters on my mind! Augh!
Прощальное и хорошее везение, Soyuz   Farewell and good luck, Soyuz   Besides that, we got mexican politicians spitting at each other,  4 mexicans  in the  Washington Nationals    And it's cloudy. With chances of rain tomorrow. But yay, we get paid today!  And I got a new Mood Theme! It's from Maple Story! thanx to       goddess_ami    &lt;3 &lt;3
My iPod has returned from AppleCare.  Actually, I mean, "A brand new iPod mini has been sent to me by AppleCare to replace my broken one!".
Today the postal service got tired of sitting on 2 packages and a letter from the U.S. for me.  The letter contained a mix-cd from the wonderful ms.       avphibes   , which is bloody excellent!  The packages were just a bunch of  magazine springs  and a  timer .
And by the way....Louisville was supposed to be a 4-seed, remember?  Well, they just told the NCAA selection committee what they could do with the blatant snub by beating top-seed Washington 93-79.  Who's next?
btw on a short note i thought it was cool how when aya was needing to and is starting to really grow up her hair is cut short from her long hair..her long hair kinda represented innocence while hte short hair is more knolwedge or the gaining of knowledge.and my hair recently got cut in a since as well...so..i think it's cool and kinda parallels with aya's whole situation.
"Circling the Earth in the orbital spaceship I marvelled at the beauty of our planet. People of the world! Let us safeguard and enhance this beauty - not destroy it!"       - Yuri Gagarin    44 and counting. Not dead yet.
Oggi a Milano ho comprato un libro di Rudolf Karnap "Analiticità, significanza, induzione". Tradotto nella lingua Italiana ;-)
"Johnnie, would you like to explain why you felt it necessary to get double murderer OJ off?"       Click on photo for CNN obit.
Stock option check arrived today!  And there was much rejoicing.  And now to go deposit it and hit up Best Buy for a goodie or two.
Got the time off from Borders!   yay!   Still waiting on Booth.  Co-worker emailed me with update from my supervisor who is still trying to get coverage for my shift.   eep!   Hoping to get the time off from that as it's sorta key to the entire not having to rush gaming thing.  But...  I'm on vacation next week!  ^_^  This makes me happy!  ^_^
I'm high now...*hahhaahaha* Gotta tutprial at 10am later and another lecutre at 12pm! Oops! I;m soo dead!  Would update more later...
Oh my lord. WS Champions banners unfurling down the Green Monster to "Also Sprach Zarathustra." And the 2004 banner covering them all. *dies* I have gone to baseball nerd heaven.
happy birthday to my big sister       llamaface3dd   ! 23 today!  this is too damn cute.  and now i have the song stuck in my head.
.x. Wow, a birthday post? How strange ;] This is my offical OMG HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my favourite guy on LJ,       exemplar_   . XD MWAH .x. Credit       withpaperwings_    if you take one (or twelve), comment to this post please, no hotlinking, no editing any of them (even blanks), and love on Jer ;P  01.   02.   03.        04.   05.   06.    07.   08.   09.    10.   11.   12.
.x. Comment to tell me which you like, credit me in your keywords &/or comments, no hotlinking my photobucket/s, don't edit them...that's about it. :D Just to clear it up - nah, don't work for Apple. Just pimping them. .x. Ipod, Ipod Mini, Ipod Shuffle, U2 Ipod...they're all here.  01.   02.   03.        04.   05.   06.   (yes, that's a Strongbad reference) 07.   08.   09.    10.   11.   12.
Thanks to everyone who suggested songs for the iPod for Jack for our anniversary. I managed to get 168 of your suggested songs onto it before I gave it to him this morning.  He was very happy and surprised, and a little verklempt. He even went  squish squish.
With thanks to       gramina    for hooking me up:  http://www.newsday.com/news/local/newyo rk/nyc-marr0205,0,3693054.story?coll=ny-n ynews-headlines
Don't like my Halloween costume? Click here for a very special message from me-----&gt; Sakka says...
Yay!  My Dad's doctor used the R word today.  Remission!  I don't think I ever expected that word to be used.    Yay!  I just got an email that my QaF S4 DVDs are shipping tomorrow.  Can.Not.Wait!!  Yay!  I am off to NYC tomorrow to see Lola and many other fun people.  Yay!  I got offered a job!  And I think I am going to take it...probably a more angsty post about that later.  But for now - Yay!
I JUST FINISHED MY ENGLISH PAPER.  I TOTALLY KICKED IT'S ASS.     This just proves I can -STILL- pull bullshit right out of my ass and make it sound  GOOD  .   Tom is pleased.  I am pleased.  Now, off to have dinner.  I SHALL BE ON LATER TONIGHT.  WHUUUUUT!!
*MASSIVE SQUEE*    I'M HOME!!!    *huggles* I missed you all SO much!!  Also, holy exploding ovaries, have there been a lot of Will Turner pictures or what? My little heart is going pitter-patter and, with the combination of themed attractions at Disney, I finally have some creativity.  *faints*
Got an e-mail back from Scott today. Believe me, it's been the brightest thing to happen all this rainy, overcast day.  [ETA: So I officially hate all you people who are going to be able to watch  Lost  next week! WAH! Why JJ? Why?]
Today, attention span = zero.  Seriously, I got nothin'.  I'm in a ridiculously good mood, though.  The power of cold/flu/plague medication?  Perfect alignment of the planets?  Whatever the reason, I'm enjoying it completely.  Life is good.
Dammit all, I can't sleep. I have a class today. First class of the quarter, and I can't freaking aleep! AUGH.  'course, The class isn't what's keeping me awake. It's my swirling brain.  Kind of like tie-dye.
The lovingcaring sister made me a really cool costume for the CON and it's so cool, espessialy the claws on the shoulder pads. Being the smart and creative sister that she is she used chili peppers and painted them silver, and they look really cool. Sister so good to me, well except whEAN I'M TRYING TO SHOWER.
Well, it's been way too long since I posted my last entry, but I'm back! Exams got in the way, then I just didn't get back into the habit ot doing the LJ thing. Anyway, I'm finally back, and hopefully I'm here to stay for a while!
Well, the SPA 210 class I was talking about has already filled up all 20/20 slots for the class.  Of course, knowing people goes a long way, though.  One of the teachers for the class is John Moore, and I just happen to know him because of the  Spanish Club Conversation Table  for the month of February. I sat next to him at the restaurant and we had a really good conversation.       :-)
Wow!  I didn't even have my laptop on eBay for 3 hours, and it already sold. The person used the "Buy It Now!" option for $650.00.  Excellent :-)
Muahahaha.  I got an 88 on my second Sociology exam.  After bonus credit (12 points), I'll have a 100...I can almost guarantee it. I don't think I will miss any of the 12 points on the bonus.  On the first exam, I got an 86 on the exam itself, then 11/12 on the bonus for a final score of 97.  Man, there's no way I won't have an A in this class.
I escaped the classroom to go buy KitKats from Holbrook Road with Sophie. We took a walk in our blazers and the cold.  Can I give you a perfect rose?
Sometimes there are moments in life, so complete, that if it were possible to freeze them for eternity, I would.
someone said to me this morning that people don't post in their blogs enough. i would therefore like to say  la la la,   and here are some pictures of my brother in poland that when you click on them enlarge in a hysterically funny way .
Reasons I am happy  1. I made up with one of my closest friends after having my feelings hurt  2. I am having my scar lasered, a three course therapy for free by my kick ass dermatology friends  3. I only will owe $16,000 for my nine years of higher education and four letters after my name
Ok, I'm becoming a little obsessed with this album, it's either the third or forth time I've put it on today ;P
Wooo, haven't had this song for aaaaages *hugs it* it's so cool live :] I like Reuben  Scared of it Scared of it Scared of it Scared of it Scared of it Scared of it Scared of it Scared of iiiiiiiiiit GO And I'm scared oooof the poliiiice And I'm scared oooof the violence And I'm scared oooof the handcuffs And I'm scared oooof the trunchens  :D
We have a reception location.  We have an official date.  We have less than 9 months! We have a budget. We have a guest list. We have a wedding party (though half don't know it yet). We have many tentative ideas. We have many solid ideas. We have many appointments. We are going to get photos done. We have a WHOLE LOT more to do!  Chaos.... BRING.IT.ON!  :)
The increase in the number of American cultural references that I now get is scary,  I think I quite like New York.
For a 10 hour shift, today has really flown by.    Not bad.. a bit hectic this morning, but it's going a lot smoother in the afternoon. I guess if I can see an improvement in one day, then that's something I should be happy with.    And on that note, it's time to smoke. Huzzah!
woo fall out boy &lt;3 (      let_it_burn   )  also - i have an interview in the tinderbox tomorrow morning. i love that place.
A Perfect Kiss  by Analine. Golden Pair fluff involving a confession (or two) and naturally, a kiss! (EijiOishi, shounen-ai)  Status: One-shot. Complete.  Woo hoo! Golden Pair fluff! I don't really have anything else to say about this story. It was cute, it made me grin, and it had lots of moments of revelation.
U. of Wash / Evans School has also accepted me, dunno yet if they have any financials for me, tho.  Woot.
I get my laptop back. I get new cute 5-year-old-looking shoes. AND I get new art supplies.  Today is a good day.
Today I made a new friend and accepted new people onto my community on greatestjournal.com. I am having happy time right now:)The first time in years, for actual happy time. Peace of mind is wonderful. I am still waiting to hear if I made it or not, but I wont push it. I will be as patient as possible. :)  much love to all of you, Amber
heyhey i dyed my hair last sat. so now its LIght brown in colour. shalene said i look quite spunky ah... yeah.. then the hair stylist cut in such a way that my hair had to be as messy as possible.  but dear serene doesnt know how to do such things ah.. haha.. so i just leave it as it is.. haha.. waste of money rite.
Happy birthday, Sue!  Sorry I didn't call you this weekend!  Will call you soon! :)  Love, your li'l brother :)
I'm so happy to see a news article about other people with ideals similar to my own and convictions strong enough to carry them through the very tough execution of those ideals.   They returned the empty wallet     He crossed five lanes of traffic to help her
Tonight was nice.  I was able to meet one of the new people, Wanda.  She's nice, though she'll probably kill me for saying that.  We had a nice chat, hopefully I convinced her to stick around for a bit.    I hadn't been in the study much lately.  I've been keeping to my room.  I'd forgotten how much I missed it.
Birthday wishes going out to       megan_peta    and       danish_of_stiny   .  Hope you two have fun on your special day.   And, I would like to wish everyone on my flist a safe and happy Easter.  ^_^
holy shirt, that is the best description of my hair that i have ever had the pleasure of hearing. my co-workers are the awesome.   PEEEEEENIS
I haven't done one of these in a looong time, so I'm going to try to start doing them again      View Poll: Monday Musing 03.14.05
Ahh. The OC=happiness.   Happiness and love.  Love and Summer.  Summer and Seth.  LOVE.  ...also. The Catcher in The Rye is a very good book. So is White Oleander. I wish I had all the time in the world to just read and obsess over fictional characters.
Going home(Inkollu, Prakasam dt, AP) for 10 days. Its a nice feeling going there, happy me. See you all after a week or two. Have fun!!
Hello Livejournal. I am in the White Lion in Clifton, Dave has brought his laptop and we are chilling out, on leather sofas and drinking tea. Yay. And loans are in. Let me repeat that. LOANS ARE IN THE BANK MOTHERFUCKERS!!!!!!11111one! Yes. Anyway. More tea. Yay!
I'm here!  I'm alive!  Good things have happened in my life and when I have it all sorted out in my mind I'll write about it.  Hi friends, I hope you had a good weekend!
i actually have a car.... its now in the car park and i just parked it. oh how cool.   Though i am never driving a new car in the dark ever again.
After all the incredible things that you Yog-aholics have shared with me, I must share this with you.  Hope you enjoy listening!   Listen to George at you leisure!
I just got back from seeing The Nutcracker. It was so great! It was awesome because we got to see the new production of it. The new effects were just marvelous, darling!  Anyhoo, everyone, many miles apart, I wish you all a very Merry Christmas!  Be safe, be smart and have fun.
I am Graduating tonight!  This is going to feel so damn good.        On other news, I love Caitlin.  Yeah, like you didn't know.   Other than that, just talk to me if you want something.  Love, Jesse
Mark! Emma! Emmo! Lewis!   Simon may be coming on sunday!  I would like you all to meet him! Esp you buns! =P This may all come to nothing but we'll see! Keep sunday night free folks!!!!
Wow...just...wow.&nbsp; Thanks Anna, I can sleep better at night knowing the Gimps are getting their kink on!  Good for the gimps!
I donated 40 dollars to  Project Concerns International .    It will give a child in India shelter for two weeks.  I wish I could have given more.  That is why, after college, I'm joining the Peace Corps. Yes, I'm serious. And I think I'm going to stop wasting my money and try to donate even twenty dollars with every paycheck.
John Milton, from  Areopagitica  "...for books are not absolutely dead things, but do contain a potency of life in them to be as active as the soul that whose progeny they are; nay, they do preserve as in a vial the purest efficacy and extraction of that living intellect that bred them."  Isn't that fucking awesome?
and for all you that poo poo this wedding, this is at least a wedding of love...and if you think Diana was a saint you'd be wrong. she actually had affairs before charles ever went back to Camilla. cut the lady some slack.
I had a nice day.  I went to two classes, and opted to skipped out on the last one. I went home and proceded to watch six eposides of Angel with Trueman.   It was a very quiet, relaxing day.  Right, Trueman?  ::wink, wink::
Dear relevant people on my flist:        roehampton     You know it makes sense. It even seems to contain people who like things like spelling and punctuation and grammar and lack of netspeak, even though they are crazy people on the internet! Unlike the RSU forums, which are full of netspeak and are intimidating and make me sad :(
my best friend comes into town friday night!!!! *runs around in gleeful madness* me and my other best friend are picking her up at sfo sometime at night (yes, i do have the itinerary somewhere, tee)  ^___^  happiness is me. also, sausages tomorrow night with olivia and the gang. after tonight i'll be mia till monday.
Third day in the new house and things are shaping up nicely.  We've figured out that we've got everything we need except furniture and a wide screen telly.  In other news I'm now an uncle.  My sister gave birth the same day we moved in.  That's going to be wierd, being an uncle to someone on the other side of the world.  Life is good.
Happy Birthday,  Tasy !!!!   (That's MamaLaz, for those who don't know, all three of you)  You're the  Draco  to my  Pansy ! The  Seamus  to my  Hermione ! Literally, of course! ;) And I love you lots and lots and lots and lots! Have a great one! *a million hugs*
I'm in a good mood today.  :-D  Its bright and sunny out.  Its warm enough to open up the windows in the apartment.  The construction on our roof is pretty much done.  I'm just generally happy.  Life is good right now.    That's all.  Just felt like sharing.  :-)
I just had my review (finally - it should have been in January!!), and I got an EUR 2,000 pay rise!!  And best of all - it'll be backdated to January :-)  So - new LARP kit, then eh....?  :-D
I can finally access LJ again. For some odd reason, it's been down for me for the past week. I've missed everyone. *hugs*
Mac mini    iPod shuffle   Ahh, yes. Two giant leaps closer to Total Apple World Domination. *rubs hands in wicked glee*
last day of the 2002. i only got 1 new year's resolution! i'll think about the others later! my server (stereophonik.com) down :( i cant go tp my site! it suckie. i wanna upload a nu layout but ...   I'm thinkking of buying a new cellphone. and it's T68i like james bond has :) I'm gonna buy the accessories too, the communicam and the mp3 handsfree :)
ah... i'm so happy! i found a very great link, a nice drawing, and my mum want to buy me the whole episodes of endless love vcd! yay!
ah... i'm so happy! i found a very great link, a nice drawing, and my mum want to buy me the whole episodes of endless love vcd! yay!
REMEMBER TO BRING SOME FLOPPY DISK FOR THE COMPUTER STUDIES THING. AND MUST RMEMBER TO SURF THE NET FOR 1 HOUR AND SEE HOW PEOPLE DESIGN THEIR WEBPAGE. YAR. THIS IS SO COOL. I LIKE THIS. I THINK THATS ALL.
three minute recap. saw the loved ones = one of my favorite bands. scraped together a mediocre demo and handed it to mr. dave hause. spent the day with brandi nine times in a row. didn't see her for a day and was deathly ill the next day. she came over and today i feel great. ANYONE ELSE SEE THE CORRELATION?
So I hear that Bunnicula made his debut at Avalon, and was well loved by all. I'm so proud of my baby, and I hope he got himself into a great deal of mischief.
heya guys...  i'm in tampa...more about my first week of actual disaster relief work sometime tomorrow.  :-D
Had the cable installed, and got the wireless all set-up this past month. I am once again connected to the Information Super-Highway&trade;.  I suppose all this means that those pitiful few who actually still lurk here may expect to see some real entries in the near future. Exciting, huh?  Yeah, I just know you are all on the edge of your seats.
It's been a really busy week, and this is the first weekend in four that I've had a proper Sat. without some sort of disturbance!
By request of Jess, I give you  EVIL SHAUN!:      MUWAHAHAHAHAH!     Quote of the Day  "Kelly and I are married but I don't think it's gonna work out. I'm gonna pull a Senator McGreevy on her." - AB  -Shaun
So I should have been in bed half an hour ago, but exactly half an hour ago I just realized that:  "OMFG SFHGKJdg hoafd fglOGsmgf gh  I CAN SCREENCAP  NEVERWHERE   .. AND MAKE ICONS!  sGHJKfhk sgjkshdajh dsa *insert fits of joy here*"   so. here i am. half an hour later, and i'm pretty much done randomly screencapping the first episode. TOMORROW.. I MAKE ICONS!   *glee*
I need to pick a short story(10-15 pages or so) to write a screenplay adaptation for. And I really just have no idea where to start.  So if any of you have any ideas, either a specific story or even just an author. I am pretty much open to anything. Any ideas would be greatly appreciated!
a friend sent me a money order for $950. i get to keep $200. ya know...for my troubles. i found a way to make some extra scratch.  :D
So whats up.  The Patio at Bisso's Bar and Grill is now open, Did a little rearanging added some outdoor speakers and strung a few lights. We took it for a test drive tonight.
My sister sent me a picture of her first ultrasound today (with her cell) and, awwww, it's so cute! The baby is still tiny, about four and a half centimeters long, but you can clearly see all its parts. :D
I finally got a warranty replacement  All-In-Wonder 9800 Pro  from ATI to replace the  one that broke back in January .    Just in time for me to start recording episodes of  The Shield  for       redvector   .
In Ireland, Galway.  Dublin good, tour today good, hostel in Galway REALLY nice.  Only have two minutes left on internet (a euro for 15 minutes!...gah, hate paying for this).  I'm having a great time, and things are all going really well.  Miss you all.
I wanted to post a few pics of Cassie since I just figured out how and had some:  Here's Looking at You!   This was taken this past week, she is cruising around my parents house  Edit:Sorry if I messed things up I was hitting the wrong button to preview it and was adding entries.     These are a little older but I wanted to post them anyways. Funny Face   Smiley
It's been awhile since I updated, Cassie has kept me very busy. But I wanted to post a link with some new pictures of her.   http://tigercrossing.com/cassandra/    She is growing. There are a few pictures of my nephew Brendan and niece Breanna.  The pictures of the babies on the floor are Cassie's friends from my mothers group. I will post again soon when I have a chance.
I had my hair done today.  Trim, dye and she was nice enough to flat iron it.  ^-^  After that I went to the comic book shop across the street and I bought the second book to Sin City.  God its awesome!  I love it!  Can't wait to see the movie!  ^^
I probably won't be online tonight because my dad has to finish end of the month reports.  If you want to talk to me, just call my cell phone.  I may get a chance to scan stuff in, but thats about it.
I just finished watching the last episode of this season's  West Wing .  I didn't think post-Sorkin  West Wing  could ever be this good but somehow it was.  It was more than amazing.  I love the Alan Alda and Jimmy Smitts characters more than I ever thought I could.  Between this,  Battlestar Galactica , and  Lost , it's been one hell of a good season for drama.
ACK!&nbsp; Someone's gotten a wee bit older!  Happy Birthday Ryan/Matt/Ye of Ever Change!&nbsp;   *tosses around the party hats*
Happy Birthday,       catvampma    &       riko   !!    You're both another year wiser ;) I look forward to future conversations on the meaning of ... everything!
Everyone, please welcome my friend,       amazonianmaiden   , to LiveJournal.  She's one of my "real life" friends and I've roped her into getting a journal... she hasn't got a lot of entries yet (hint, hint), but please go on over and make her feel welcome :)
I have discovered  Mozilla Firefox . . . A sleek new browser from Mozilla, similar to Netscape Navigator and the original Mozilla, just slimmed way down. . . BUT VERY POWERFUL!!! It has pop-up blocker, built-in google toolbar, it is skinnable, and IT LISTENS TO ME!!!
Just discovered  43things.com  - kinda funky.   You list your own goals, and then get linked to people who've got the same goals. You can also post entires about goals you've achieved. Kinda amusing juxtaposition of "spend less time on the Internet" and "End the occupation of Iraq" but each to their own I suppose :oD
Well, it's slower than hell on my computer but it's better than the last client, I'm debating wether to use this one (slow but more features) or the old one (fast, less features)
Here are a few pictures from the Pysanky (Ukranian egg-dying) party that Tam had Sunday before last.     Sorry for the delay, I've been busy...
Now it seems that my stock options were supposed to turn into real stocks when the companies merged. Yay, ca$h money!   Oh wait, no one has any records of who was granted how many options! We don't know shit!?   Luckily I have proof of 100 options, but I know had at least 100 more.  Burn in hell, K-Force, burn slowly in hell...
I just had lunch with 2 women from an email list I belong to. They're very nice. I think I've made 2 good friends. They invited me to a picnic and a party afterwards taking place tomorrow. I'm going to go. Geez! this is the most social I've been in a looooong time.
I have these old bananas in the kitchen...should I make banana bread or banana pudding? I'm leaning towards pudding. MMMMM.   Yesterday I went bonkers in the produce section. I bought strawberries, peaches, plums, cherries...and a ton of veggies. heh heh. I'm gonna have plenty of fiber.
Ahh. The OC=happiness.   Happiness and love.  Love and Summer.  Summer and Seth.  LOVE.  ...also. The Catcher in The Rye is a very good book. So is White Oleander. I wish I had all the time in the world to just read and obsess over fictional characters.
I GOT U2 TICKETS.    October 24, General Admission, Palace of Auburn Hills.  I am so happy that I am shaking!  (And crying too, of course, happy happy tears!!)
One step closer.   Also, thanks for all your kind wishes about grad school. (I wouldn't mind some advice from you current/past grad students, either.)  w00t, I'm so excited!
I got my coworker to take some pictures today of my new boots.  I uploaded 3 here; more can be seen on the   Garb  and  Gallery  pages.  These boots are buffalo hide, both the boot and trim.  Buttery soft, wonderfully comfortable - I have very happy feet today!
So, yeah, Yahoo is giving away certificates for one scoop of ice cream at Baskin Robbins today.  Go  here  if you want to get your certificate.  Mmm, ice cream!
A post of many pictures is now up at my  knitblog .  There's even lots of non-knitting cuteness for those of you who wouldn't just want to see my lace-shawl progress.
Mindless Self Indulgence  are on tour and they'll be at Emos on Thursday April 28th! This is wonderful news. I haven't been to any shows yet this year and this sounds like a great way to start off the season. Who else is going? Come on people, work with me here!  Ok, back to my chemistry homework, now.
Is this real happiness? Or is it just the hormones of PMS playing a strange trick on me?  Either way, I'm dancing in my office chair.
I donated 40 dollars to  Project Concerns International .    It will give a child in India shelter for two weeks.  I wish I could have given more.  That is why, after college, I'm joining the Peace Corps. Yes, I'm serious. And I think I'm going to stop wasting my money and try to donate even twenty dollars with every paycheck.
The last week has been a relaxing period, well.. not really. But it has been fruitful:  File my taxes   Finish coding for my project    Complete the IRB application  ASAP    Read as many of the magazines as I can  Catch up with some physics from Feynman    SLEEP !   More walks for my camera  Well I'll settle for halfway through, for now. I still have today to do some of the rest! :)
We are having our first party at my brand new house, complete with pool, on Christmas Eve. We're doing an Italian feast with antipasto, shrimp, lasagna, stuffed shells and lot and lots of wine, beer, spirits, etc.
Taken at the Singapore Zoo, this is the first day of the trip, with Matt visiting some of his new friends!
This is from day one, around 7000-8000 ft.&nbsp; The vegetation started to thin out around 10,500 feet, and was mostly gone around 11,500-12,000 ft.
I figured I should post some pictures again.&nbsp; This one is from Mt Kinabalu, the highest mountain in southeast Asia at around 13,500 feet.&nbsp; Taken at the summit, just before sunrise.
Stock option check arrived today!  And there was much rejoicing.  And now to go deposit it and hit up Best Buy for a goodie or two.
Got the time off from Borders!   yay!   Still waiting on Booth.  Co-worker emailed me with update from my supervisor who is still trying to get coverage for my shift.   eep!   Hoping to get the time off from that as it's sorta key to the entire not having to rush gaming thing.  But...  I'm on vacation next week!  ^_^  This makes me happy!  ^_^
I  nailed  that archaeology presentation today. The other members of my group told me I was amazing, random people in the class told me I was amazing, and after class Conor Newman (whom I fangirl way more than it is proper to fangirl your professors) told me I was amazing.   And now I'm done with two more classes and the world seems like a  much  better place.
I took a recent photograph, you can find below, of some trees in Manassas... this is what it turned into today...
I can wear scrunchies again!! My hair is long enough!!!  *digs out her BOX of scrunchies and places it as part of her getting-ready-for-the-day routine*
I ordered three pairs of pants last week, and they finally arrived today.  Now I am one step closer to not looking like a hobo!  (For some reason I feel that that it would be nice to see that last sentence translated into different languages.)  Also, for those who haven't seen them yet,       plorkwort    has provided  a couple of pictures of herself wearing the socks I made .
I made myself new BSB icons tonight.  I'm  not  sharing them.  I've suddenly become kind of greedy about my icons, I think because the Photoshop muses are never kind to me anymore.  Freaking muses.            I shall be well prepared for the next two months of rabid fangirl posting now.  Go team me.
Folks, this is a monumentous day. Please, please never forget it. Today, I completed my an AP Physics problem all by myself, no leeching and no asking anyone at all for help... and who kows, I may even get it right! If that happens... well o man... that would be godly....
I had a wonderful evening of conversation in a diner in Linden.  I also head the best phrase to substitute for "It's starting to snow a little."      Woman at another table: "King Kong is scratching his head."   Goodnight all!  I hope my pleasant mood doesn't ruin anyone's other moods.
im finding myself smiling more.  thank you for listening to me, even though you don't really even know me.  your kindness intrigues me, and i hope to someday return the favor.  (you know who you are)
woo fall out boy &lt;3 (      let_it_burn   )  also - i have an interview in the tinderbox tomorrow morning. i love that place.
woo fall out boy &lt;3 (      let_it_burn   )  also - i have an interview in the tinderbox tomorrow morning. i love that place.
Here's where we ended up at the end of the day:                       6,548  / 100,000 (6.0%)         there might be more later. but right now, it's time for THE MUMMY RETURNS!
sdwolfpup    made a  vid .  Go.  Check it out.  Spike/Harmony to Barbra Streisand and Neil Diamond's "You Don't Bring Me Flowers".   Go.   :)  Even if you have dial-up, it's worth the wait.  I'm not Spike/Harmony - you know this, surely.  It was just ..  magic .  Hee.  ::smacks self for being a hopeless romantic:: ::hugs Harmony ... carefully::
Today is my       summer_of_spike    day.  I have no photoshopping abilities, and the wonderfully amazing awesome too good to be true       krazylokoguy    made loads of Spikey goodness icons for me to share in the community.  You can see them  here .  (RyAn - I'll share the other goodies at various moments throughout the day.  Thank you thank you thank you so much!)
"Circling the Earth in the orbital spaceship I marvelled at the beauty of our planet. People of the world! Let us safeguard and enhance this beauty - not destroy it!"       - Yuri Gagarin    44 and counting. Not dead yet.
H  a  p  p  y     B  i  r  t  h  d  a  y  ,        couchinthesun    !    Nope, it doesn't make me feel at  all  old that I remember you coming home from the hospital as a newborn, and now you're 21.  Not at all!  *hobbles away on her walker to fetch her newly-legal cousin a beer*
There are crocuses and daffodils coming up in our front yard!  :)  YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Since       thastygliax    already let the cat out of the bag....  I'm going to have another baby.  Probably late June.  :)  This is one of the many reasons I'm not doing Yeoman this year, as much as I would like to.
See you on Wednesday! I'm off to Harrogate tonight, shopping in Leeds probably tomorrow, Manics in Leeds on Sunday then to London for two more gigs of Manics fun on Monday and Tuesday!  Squaa!  When I get back I shall most likely be very very dead.
Hey I can't write long, but anyways, I'M IN TASSIE! Having an absolute ball and I'll try to find time to write a decent entry. Stay happy peoples out there, catchya later.
I went to Walmart tonight to pick up some stuff for my big music apprec project, and found The Postal Service's "We Will Become Silhouettes" single in the CD section!  I love that song so damn much.  (It's always a surprise to find stuff like that at Walmart, too.)  Also:  I have reached over 10,000 songs listened to on my  Audioscrobbler !  Wow I've sat on the computer a lot.  :/
I went to Walmart tonight to pick up some stuff for my big music apprec project, and found The Postal Service's "We Will Become Silhouettes" single in the CD section!  I love that song so damn much.  (It's always a surprise to find stuff like that at Walmart, too.)  Also:  I have reached over 10,000 songs listened to on my  Audioscrobbler !  Wow I've sat on the computer a lot.  :/
Thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes. I'm sorry I haven't been around much - I will change that soon. Miss you all, love you all. Off to my prents house to FINALLY see my brother and Jody! It's been so long! It's my brother's birthday - the big 3-0. ;)  Merry Christmas to everyone! Have a happy and safe holiday! *hugs and kisses*
THANK YOU JOHN AND JODY!!!!!!  I just got the flowers - that was so incredibly sweet of you two. Thank you so very much - it means more to me than I could ever put into words. I'm all teary-eyed now. I LOVE YOU TWO!!!!   *big huge hugs*
Today, because it had snowed for a few days straight, Molly decided to cancel classes for the day and go skiing instead!
Today, because it had snowed for a few days straight, Molly decided to cancel classes for the day and go skiing instead!
I just got quasi-hit on by a really cute guy that I&#8217;ve seen at happy hour a few times now!  I can now go back to sleep happy.   ...I&#8217;m such a dork!
The two main reasons today was such a good day:  1 ) When I got to work, I found that one of my coworkers had baked me a birthday cake. =]    2) A really cute guy shamelessly hit on me.  Woohoo!   Anyway, that is all!
This past year has gone so quickly, yet so much seems to have changed.  It's a very weird feeling.  It's our anniversary today.   It's been three years since I first emailed him. It's been two years since I first heard his voice on the phone. And it's been one year exactly since I first felt his lips against mine.  Yes, good things come to those who wait.  :-)
People are likely to of all ready seen this, but I'll post it anyway. :)           To everyone who gave Gab (      gabfury   ) money! :D
http://www.deviantart.com/deviation/172 00151/   Wiggly is the man.  BTW for future reference, my maximium amount of posts a day is 4.  If that's too much for anyone, tough. :p
New and improved!          In other news, classes are going surprisingly well, I have a shiny new Gmail account, and I've rediscovered the joy of Diablo II.  All in all, things are good.
Wow, what a day! It has been a really great Lord's day and I am always thankful for Sunday that I can come into the house of God and worship Him, and fellowship with my fellow brother's and sisters in Christ. Before I go on.     HAPPY BIRTHDAY     R       feawath    ! Hope you liked the card and hope you had a wonderful day!!!
ybunny    didn't go to the rig today!  :)  I have keys! ;)  We have tons of Tunnocks! :p  I have 600 new songs! :D
Sweet!!!  They must have disabled the firewalls at work again as I can get to LJ!  Woot!  Man, I'm NEVER able to access this site from work, I'm going to enjoy it while it lasts.
Thanks to everyone who suggested songs for the iPod for Jack for our anniversary. I managed to get 168 of your suggested songs onto it before I gave it to him this morning.  He was very happy and surprised, and a little verklempt. He even went  squish squish.
In Ireland, Galway.  Dublin good, tour today good, hostel in Galway REALLY nice.  Only have two minutes left on internet (a euro for 15 minutes!...gah, hate paying for this).  I'm having a great time, and things are all going really well.  Miss you all.
I &lt;3 Karen's X Character File song (her's and Yuzuriha's.  I hadn't realized it, but I already had Subaru's...Seishirou's is very strange, though).  It's like, teh sex.  woot.
***** Nagios  *****  Notification Type: RECOVERY Host: sarahemm.net State: UP Address: sarahemm.net Info: PING OK - Packet loss = 0%, RTA = 33.17 ms  Date/Time: Thu Mar 17 12:29:30 EST 2005  *****  anyone who was using an alternate email address can go back to using sarahemm@sarahemm.net for me.  and i got control of my domain back, which means i can now move it AWAY FROM NSI! WOOT!
Courtesy of a dark archon having Mind Controlled an enemy overlord (and the hydralisk within, but that got quickly killed) and then an arbiter providing field cloaking.  Zerg, of course, don't traditionally get cloaked units.  The purple colour looks a lot more effective on the Overlord than it does on my Carriers, in my mind.    (Carriers in top left are       emperor   's)
Karen and I went to a wine tasting last night.  It started and ended well for me.  In the middle were some things that were gushed over by people who have palates.  I was just happy that it started with Moscato and ended with Mead.  Mm.
I love Paris Hilton, but I think that makes it extra-special for me when stuff like this happens to her...  Apparently somebody got into her cell-phone and posted her address book (though you can't actually access any of the entries,) her notes, and her cam-pictures.  Her cam-pictures alone made my day.   http://content.7pounds.net/parishilton/
Some guy just called my cell phone looking for a girl named  Cinnamon .  This amuses me to no end.  It's finally spring-like!  I'm excited because I'm wearing my new dress!
Well, the SPA 210 class I was talking about has already filled up all 20/20 slots for the class.  Of course, knowing people goes a long way, though.  One of the teachers for the class is John Moore, and I just happen to know him because of the  Spanish Club Conversation Table  for the month of February. I sat next to him at the restaurant and we had a really good conversation.       :-)
Wow!  I didn't even have my laptop on eBay for 3 hours, and it already sold. The person used the "Buy It Now!" option for $650.00.  Excellent :-)
Muahahaha.  I got an 88 on my second Sociology exam.  After bonus credit (12 points), I'll have a 100...I can almost guarantee it. I don't think I will miss any of the 12 points on the bonus.  On the first exam, I got an 86 on the exam itself, then 11/12 on the bonus for a final score of 97.  Man, there's no way I won't have an A in this class.
Have those of you who have rented houses/flats in the past ever gottten the deposit back?  I am asking this due to the fact out deposit was £300 quid ADN there are some minro wear and tear things around this place.  And secondly we have NO furniture just the bed and sofa that came with the flat so i am thinking of saying "yoink" screw the deposit i want a bed!  *peace*   Carter
To the girl that's a sexy as all get out!    Knows how to cop a good feel!    More fun than you can shake a stick at!!    One of my favorite people.    Happy Birthday Deb!
i love  newegg.com .  i ordered some stuff around 2 today, and it's already been shipped.  i might even have it by tomorrow!
it's  been  six months.  today.   (yes i realize that entry isn't from the 14th, but it's pretty much when i knew.)   i love you julie.
Today, attention span = zero.  Seriously, I got nothin'.  I'm in a ridiculously good mood, though.  The power of cold/flu/plague medication?  Perfect alignment of the planets?  Whatever the reason, I'm enjoying it completely.  Life is good.
I'll make a longer post later, for now, I wanted to show off the colorized version of the pic       setsu_p    did for me. It's even cooler in color, and really captures me in a unique way. I've been so distracted by random stuff I keep forgetting to upload it. So, here it is. I really have to thank her again for it too, it's tres cool. :D     - Turq.
Dear relevant people on my flist:        roehampton     You know it makes sense. It even seems to contain people who like things like spelling and punctuation and grammar and lack of netspeak, even though they are crazy people on the internet! Unlike the RSU forums, which are full of netspeak and are intimidating and make me sad :(
http://s15.yousendit.com/d.aspx?id=1M6X 74U5K8SXG0RWJJSQNOWGVU   He's sexy! He sings!  Eat that, Travis.
..................... Got my desk. It rocks. Built my computer. It rocks. Have to return the video card. That sucks. But should have no problems getting a replacement. That's cool. Gotta get back to work. .......................
Melissa and I just finished watching Amadeus.  I love that movie... it's such a tragic story.  After Mozart died, I said to Melissa, "See?  This is why I want to die young.  It's better to burn out than to fade away!"  "That's not true," Melissa replied, "lots of people die at young ages that nobody remembers."  "Oh yeah?" I retorted, "name one."  Ah, it's been a strange, but wonderful day.
happy birthday to my big sister       llamaface3dd   ! 23 today!  this is too damn cute.  and now i have the song stuck in my head.
happy birthday to my big sister       llamaface3dd   ! 23 today!  this is too damn cute.  and now i have the song stuck in my head.
I finally got a warranty replacement  All-In-Wonder 9800 Pro  from ATI to replace the  one that broke back in January .    Just in time for me to start recording episodes of  The Shield  for       redvector   .
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!  I can't believe I missed       jchalo    talk to JC on KIIS last night!!!!!  I knew I should have stayed up, even though I have an early day today!  How kickass for her!    What a wonderful fandom we all have, lol!
Wooo!   Happy Lickable *NSYNC day!  And, Happy Birthday to       powrhug   !    Gonna have to celebrate later, 'cause work is taking up much of my day. . .:-/  But, it gives me something to look forward to!  :-D
A certain Internet filtering company I once worked for still classifies a certain website of mine as Tasteless/Gross. It's a like a fingerprint that says, "       ydna    was here! " (Because I'm the one that rated it as Tasteless/Gross even though it's a business web site offering technology consulting.) I guess that's a good sign that the old dog is still going strong.
well, at 3:45 AM the client called off the launch because their search servers couldn't handle more than 100 simultaneous users for over 45 minutes.  next *possible* launch date - saturday night.  sooooooooooooo i'm still on the project but i have the day off, and no calls to bug me this weekend, so i'm gonna have fun :)
