*doesn't like the fact he seems to have  upset his Ada * :(  *doesn't like the fact his other Ada is  sulking around and scowling at a bottle of pills * :S  *gets his toy Nazgul and plays morosely in the mini-Mordor behind the temple*
I am cursing myself for being such a fool.... which i am alwayz!!! y did i not go to seoul garden to seize the opportunity.... i linger on my futile attempts for a long time.... and today... the day... the onli chance... juz one chance... yet i did not seize it... I AM AN UTTER FOOL
have you ever had that feeling that sometimes things happen a little to late. Like if they had happened when they were suppose to everything would have been ok, but it didn't. I guess the whole, "wrong timing" thing. *sigh*, I think i've reached that point, and as much as i want to not feel that way, it seems to be...What do you do when you reach that point?  Tiffany
Oh and a girl from my old school got run over and died the other day which is horrible, especially as it was a very small village school so everybody knew her.   The thing is I didn't even like her but I can't stop thinking about it. That she's dead and I'm alive and there doesn't seem any reason for it. I have everything to look forward to and she's just...gone...at 14.
Yeah, so I thought I had to TA a Physics II lab this morning, so I got up at 7:40. Turns out I TA next week... I could have slept in until 10:50...
I'm sad, so sad.  Again I'm a failure. Again my touch shyness is a problem. I can't help I don't like to cuddle and touch someone else's body. It terrifies me. I had bad experiences in the past.   This problem just haunts me. I really fear there's no way I can fit in in a relationship.
Karol Wojtyla, known and loved by many as Pope John Paul II, has died on April 2, European time, due to debilitating illness.  Whatever faith you belong to, may you remember this great human being who has done so much for all the lives he ever touched, Catholic or otherwise.  He will forever be missed.
http://www.comicbookresources.com/n ews/newsitem.cgi?id=4627   Though at least he made it to 87. Still, this is unhappy news. :^(
i seriously. mood swings to the max. its only 9:40. what is this business.   i want to cry.  i hate being in all day.  this song is really sad.
Charlie might actually be sold... the prospective buyer is test-driving her for the week.&nbsp; It is a bitter-sweet thing... I know she must go, but... ya know...  at least she would be driven more than I have and enjoyed by someone who will appreciate her...
well i am so mother fucking board...i havent talked to anyone all day i havent seen my friends in 3 days and its killing me i am so board and to make things worse i am also sober as fuck, there is so much alcohol in my house, and yet i have no desire to drink i wanna smoke so bad i need to smoke soon argh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
I am no longer an uncle.  Madison Ann Farmer died this evening at approximately 7:30 PM CST.  She was 4 months, 4 days, and 13 hours old, by my sister's reckoning.  'nuff said.
today my "big sister" died.. my moms cat.. she was 21 years old n i m really gonna miss her... ~tear~ .: rip krystal :. - mL* *huggs n kisses*
*hands a certain someone all the pain killers in the Greenstone house and then hugs her and hands over my dentist*
home alone for too many hours, all week long... screaming child headache tears that just won't let themselves loose....   and now I've lost my wedding band.  I hate this.
R.I.P Goebbles  ?-March 20, 2005  May some archaeologist dig up your remains someday and wonder what the hell you were doing so far away from your indigenous land.
against me! sold out. i e-mailed andrew but i doubt he'll read it in time or be able to do anything. oh well, gainesville on the 31st i supppose.   i graduated today. ok, well i applied for graduation. it's sweet. i think i'm gonna do liberal studies at ucf. or something. i don't have enough money to leave. but AFTER i get my bachelors....san diego here i come.
Paul Hester hung himself on the weekend. He dated my aunty years and years ago before she ended up with my uncle. I'm sure I've met him somewhere along the years, but I just can't remember. I did go to the Finn concert and Paul joined in on a couple of songs and he was laughing and joking along with them.   I hope my uncle and aunty are ok.
My frogs died this morning.  Or at least one of them.  I did everything I was supposed to.  Plants and spring water.  Sean thinks the other one will be belly up soon.  The cats on the other hand great.
Thanks to       mandichan    for finding a name for our couple of friends! Also big thanks to anyone who suggested something. It was very hard to pick winners.  Unfortunately, they are both fighting over the name "Fluffy" and neither is going to give up any ground. So they have been sulking since yesterday. I doubt we will see them for a while...  *Maf!*
I just failed my Algebraic Topology final.  Maybe I shouldn't be in graduate school.  I think I'm gonna die.
I am not quite done with Chp 3 thanks to a series of unfortunate events. I should be able to wrap it up this afternoon and post it later tonight. That is, if my roof doesn't fall in.
The death toll is at least  80,000  now.  How do you even conceive of that?  How do you put faces to that many people?  That is a lifetime of faces and names.  I just don't have words.  Also,  Amazon  has a direct donation to the Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund set up.
there's something quite unexplicable about seeing a dead body there's such a serenity, a peaceful aura its just so hard to be looking down at someone u love so much almost expecting a twinge, a breath, a wink yes, this is definately final i now know i will never see you, nonna, smile again
okee posting again... everyone who likes hide should do this.... go to www.livejournal.com/community/hideism  or go to  http://www.endless-song.net/hide/  there i'm not gonna tell that whole story... to bored sorry
hello i finaly did something on my lj it looks very girly now....yes and yura is on the background(you can't really see him.....)
Today was a hard day.  It was supposed to be a happy relaxing day; we met our major milestone and the CEO has declared Friday a holiday. However...  A woman on my team died in a car crash last night.  We sent most of the team home today but I'm one of the in-town exec providing coverage on Thursday....so tomorrow will be a hard day as well.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   My CUPE pen just died!!!!  Oh, the humanity!  *sob*   In other news, anyone wanna go to Flip, Toss & Thai for supper tonight?
I just saw that Ms. Norton had died today.  I was very sorry to hear it.  Her young adult stuff was a joy when I was in my teens.   http://www.cnn.com/2005/SHOWBIZ/books/0 3/17/obit.norton.ap/index.html
I have completely wasted my day. Though I did get my toenails painted...  Clean room is my top priority, then I should get to some reading...Hope for the best!
I am out of course for unarmed combat. Just heard frm Vivienna her father has wind up his photography business & studio.......
Today Tyler and I Broke up. I believe that we would be better as friends. I still think he's an absolutely amazing person that i care a lot about. Just sometimes life doesnt work out as you thought it would.   ~Dave
Strange, P.A.L and I had a lengthy discussion about some of his work on Friday night and now he's gone.
my glasses are still broke....so this wis just an update.... with little or nothing...  shameless plug:..pss....since there's so many pics I already posted.. I'll just tell you to scroll down to look at them....
Ok, a little freaked out about the fact that in ~3 weeks I will leave the world of academia and attempt to enter  THE REAL WORLD . Of course, it won't be all that real living with my parents for one last summer ... However I will be looking for jobs and trying to decide where Aly and I are gonna nest for a year or two. Freaky, full of pressure and worries .....    I'm gonna miss my Aly.   xoxoxo
My parents just told me that they're planning on putting my puppy down at the end of the summer. I get why, he's getting increasingly frail and he can't make it thru the night w/o going potty in the house. :-( Sad. I've never lost a pet bigger than a goldfish before. That's gonna suck.
http://xaxxon.slackworks.com/claude.m ov   This made me cry for a good hour last night. . .hell I'm crying again. This guinea pig is blind, and deaf. . .and has very bad teeth. . .it's so sad. . .I hope despite his handycaps he will have a long beautiful life. . .At least he has a loving home, most who have that handycap don't.
My mom thinks I'm on drugs. Ha ha I was laughing so hard when she said she wanted to drug test me    And she was completely serious too
I saw the ring 2 today it was so good!  I went in the hot tub with Marsie today man good times right there!  He's been getting really distant lately and I hate it. I'm so sad and I don't know what to do...
O.K. So I don't get ot. Everything in my life is going pretty good, not perfect but good. So why am I so damn sad and tierd. I mean emotional tierd. Why can't I shake myself out of this funk. :( Lately hanging with Steve, Bryan and Mary are the only things that seem to take my mind off of this sadness. I wish it would just go away so I can be happy again.
It could almost be an analogy.  Please, if you live in the US,  help the UCC buck the conservative and fundamentalist stranglehold on the media .  You'd think with all the gay themed shows and advertisements that an ad for a  church  would be no sweat.  Think again.  Here is their own blog-oriented blurb:
Well Maddie says she had an okay day, but I can feel that it wasn't good at all. Poor girl, shes got so much troubles to deal with *runs over to paw at her maddie*
Got pics in the email from       confusedjamesm   , from Italy.  Everything was runnin' along good till I saw the pic of 'Liza on the balcony at the villa, in that bikini.  Made me remember all those feelings I was trying to put away.  I need a beer.  Or ten.
this afternoon was quite emotional in the family household. first off, my brother's car was being taken away to be shipped over to new jersey. since he is going to school out there now. it was sad to see it go cause i just remember all the fun times i had in the car with&nbsp;him and it just holds memories...its hard to explain.
ur making me into everything i don't want to be.  i feel like every part of me that was good has died.  u kill me with your empty promises and lies.
oh, and i posted  this  to sum up how i feel about my proepects in the job market...  soup for dinner again.  I think I'll add a little ramen to the leftover soup *chuckles* should be tasty... I cook well on limited resources  even when i have lost my mind and given up
A BIG INTERNET HUG TO DOVIE TILL I CAN SEE YOU AGAIN!!! ;_;  I'm sorry about your grandpa dear!  I'm here and I love you!  I shall get a time machine and make this week stop. &gt;&lt;  Once again, I just don't know what I could say that doesn't sound stupid or useless.  *huuuuuuuuugs*
*beep!*  Hi, Ollie, it's Dinah.  Listen, do you know when you'll be coming out this way?  You mentioned something about a case--anyway, if you think you'll be on this side of the country any time soon, let me know.  Use the comlink--I might have to run down to the 'Haven to help out with Babs.  I'll tell you about that later.  Miss you, bowhead.  Miss you a lot.
I've come to the conlusion that i need to be a better friend...cause i suck..and i'm gonna end up losin all the friends i have now...and i feel like i already have started to lose some of them:(...idk y...i feel like i'm getting...almost replaced..and idk...it sux...    thats my rant for the night...peace
HR at work is still dragging it's heals. I hope something gets decided tomorrow.  In other news, I'm not sure if I passed my course, but either way I'm done now. I dislike essays, and I really can't stand essay questions on exams.
hlfglswrge  All my halloween candy is gone. ;; Like, without a trace. ._. I have no idea where it went, but I really want candy. &gt;&gt; I think Marie took it... but that doesn't really make sense, seeing as she hasn't been home since wednesday morning. Pffft... I want chocolate. ;o;
I completed the Buffy/Angel saga yesterday with Season 5 of Angel.   I can't even wrap my head around the ending.  I have nothing to watch now.  I must repeat...I'm so sad.  I wish I'd watched these shows when the aired.  I would have loved some discussion.
I miss Rumie. I honestly dont know why I broke up with him. Im sure he wouldnt want to be with me again. Ive really messed things up. Rumil? Im so sorry for everything!
today was my last day of freedom. starting tomorrow, im grounded for 3 weeks. im leaving for the beach on saturday which should be fun! oh and does anyone have saturday school on april 16th?
nick, joe and beatty    nate        allison hitting on all the guys    jack and beer (everything big)    georges, neil, sean    montia and nate    neil and bret
............. =(   ..................=(   .........................=(   .................................=(   .......................................= (               * I Wanna Run Away. Far Far Away. And   NEVER   Come Back. *                     i hate you.            *CoUnT My StArS*
man oh man. EVERYONE left me! i had to eat with sketchy people. i need to call caiti but i have to study, so caiti if u read this, HI! SORRY IM NOT CALLING BUT I HAVE CRAP LOADS TO DO! i am very sad. tear tear. well im gonna go now. hope u guys are having fun!
In light of certain ... recent events, I have decided that ... certain aspects of my personality may require ... reconsideration. To that end, I have arranged with Lieutenant Ford to join him on his next hunting trip, to  get away from you batshit insane people  get time away from other people.  Sergeant Stackhouse, I am leaving Markus in your care. Please take care of him.
My pal Bill Rehnquist is in the hospital with cancer!  Get well soon, pal!  And if you don't, I hope I get your job!!! @_@  Just kidding.   "This is the post of  justizsche with unbridled ambition.. this is the post of SCALIA!" -SCALIA @_@
i feel like im friggin 80! sigh,havent got decent nights sleep for the last 2 nights and weird chest pain.sigh and sudden bouts of "ack i feel like im gonna die".  sigh.  what cud be wrong?
How dreadful! Seamus and Pansy broke up and they are not ever going to get back together. Poor Seamus, he must feel awful, same with Pansy. I thought those two made quite a good couple. Thats is awful and so teary, &nbsp;as my mom says "Love hurts" and I say "Love stinks" well maybe sometimes.
As of right after I post this reply, I won't be able to see anyone until next year. It was sudden, but I have to go until then. I thank all of my friends for being so awesome, and I'll see you next year....
I'm back in Seattle and school start again tomorrow. Can it BE more depressing?  Gotta get my pictures developed so that I can relive all the kodak moments.
Ennui has compelled me to revive my online journal habit.&nbsp; Thus begins&nbsp;my second phase of shameless thought exhibitionism.
MY xmas list   1:pictures of all my friends so that i could remmber all you ppl before u guys change compleatly..        i think xmas is gonna be not relly fun as it use to be probaly
hello, this is not very interesting. but i am very drunk and would like to say to all three of my friends I MISS YOU!!!! :(
It all seems like a dream, or some horribly mean joke. I can't actually believe that Karen's gone. I didn't get the opportunity to really get to know her out of character, but I respected and liked her a great deal. It just doesn't seem right! She was an amazing woman. She didn't deserve to be taken when she still had so much life ahead of her. I'll miss you, Karen, I think we all will.
http://www.nytimes.com/2005/02/13/obitu aries/13bromley.html  despite his working for bush sr, he was one of the best physics profs, and dean of engineering when i was at yale.
So, welcome to 4 more years of compassionate conservatism.  This election seems to have shown that a large segment of the American public beleives that there is a such a thing as a universal set of morals, and that they think that our current administration knows what that set is and can carry it out.  Someone let me know when they have finished counting all the prime numbers, okay?
I'm getting lonesome. I haven't heard from Lizzeh in days, I really miss her, worst thing is that I don't even know when she'll be back *cries* come back Lizzeh we love you *holds up Liz shaped piniata*
I hate mook's job. I hate that he comes home miserable more often than not. I hate that he gets paid poorly. I hate seeing him an hour or two a day 4-5 days a week. I miss my husband.
everybody else is playing westwood plaza at lunch tomorrow, and i'll be stuck here, at work, downtown, 45 minutes away. i want to cry...
Mila's lab work came back positive for feline infectious peritonitis, which is both fatal and untreatable. Mom had to have him put down.  Lovely thing to come back from class to hear.
What am I doing wrong?      Terry obviously does not like me. What's wrong with me? Am I not appealing? Am I the one making the Common Room smell? Why do I have to like him? Gah, so many questions that won't be answered. At least not anytime soon.
if you model or are a photographer and you think some thing isn't right with some thing make some noise about it already please!     models are dyeing to make money....
Oh my poor, poor childhood!   *sinks to knees, clutching elbows inward, fists waving impotently at the sky*  Ohhhh, why?
Too many money problems have hit me like a battle axe in the last couple days, and I'm afraid I'm out for Comic-Con.  I can't afford it.  Hope no one was looking forward to seeing me there.
Yesterday I had the time of my life.  I went to Wincanton, ate, drank and made merry, saw Terry Pratchett shirtless (don't ask) and Stephen Briggs put his arm around me.  I  am  happy.  Happy as anything.  So why can't I stop crying?
or is it just me?      I mean, I know its just an internet remix.....but man....that's just depressing!
help, help I'm drowning in people with no one to talk to. Lungs filling up with peopled silences and bad verse ...  note to self, remember the whole thing about public and private poetry.  koipond -running up that hill, with a really low note.
Okay,  I think I'm goign to stop doing the MA, work for a bit, and when things calm down in my life I can go back to it and actually do it properly instead of half assed like I feel like I've been doing.  E-mails and phone calls sent out, time to wait and see.  koipond -down but not out
Ive decided I REALLY want a portable mp3 player...because I have way too much music and its ALL on my computer...itd be nice to listen to my tunes and be in the kitchen &gt;:o
I hate my life.  I'm serious.  And I wish I had the courage to die.  Because right now, that's what I want more than anything else in the world.  To just have some FUCKING peace.  (I'm sure the moment will pass... but not for a long, long time)  This is why I used to cut.  And I really really want to do it right now... but something about it seems so juvinile.  I hate everything.  And everyone.
Welp, ol' Nebby (aka Nebraska), my Red Beta Fish, died today.  I gave him a burial at sea (aka the Toliet).  On a positive note, Wahoo (The blue one) now has a lot more room... perhaps now he'll actually eat something... (I don't get how Nebraska died and not him.  Nebraska ate all the time, Wahoo never touched the food I put in.  What is he eating? O_o;).
OMG my computer hates world of warcraft, and that makes it very hard to play.  I bought it more ram, but it still shuts the game of a lot.  Just poof!  Gone.  It makes it almost impossible to party, and I'm not good enough to play alone.  Tonight it wouldn't even let me log back in!  It was like the game had enough of my crappy connection.  Its very sad, I assure you.
I want everyone who reads this to please ask me 3 questions, no more no less.  ask me anything you want...
Have decreed that I can no longer have my 2 cats.  I have 48 hours to get rid of them.  Anyone in the Halifax, Dartmouth area want one?  9 year old grey long hair, 8 year old black short hair. Both are female, fixed and frontal declawed.  ETA:  The long hair is now spoken for.  Thank goddess for mommies.
I really hate that sudden realization when, after I've made a pot of coffee in the morning I discover I've left my commuter mug at work! Argh! Now I'll be without lovely fresh-brewed Balaren Blend coffee at work.  It's going to be a sad day.
i feel like shit today. not one for the happy record book. i have tomorrow off too...someone, please hang out with me.. please?
This may only be of interest to me and       zippytheborg   .  However:  Former Miami Dolphin punter Reggie Roby died today of unknown causes.  He was 43.  The story can be found here:   http://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/s fl-roby022205,0,545893.story?coll=sfla-s ports-front
There are times when I was crying in the dark of Daniel's den And I had asked you once or twice if you would part the sea again But tonight I do not need a fiery pillar in the sky Just wanna know you're gonna hold me if I start to cry Oh great God, be small enough to hear me now
Hey all...grandpa died on Friday, so I will be gone from Sunday till Wednesday for the funeral. If anyone needs me, leave a message and your call will be answered in the order that it was received.
You know... this day has just done everything to try to bring me under... now this.   http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=s tory&u=/ap/20050303/ap_on_fe_st/leviathan_lob ster&e=2&ncid=   I mean, COME ON world, cut me a little slack here would ya?
~skippydude12~                      LJ  friendsCollage .  	    Brought to you  by       pratibha75    and       teemus   .
"Unexplained muscle pain and weakness could be a sign of a rare but serious side effect and should be reported to your doctor right away."  i'm scared and i think i'm gonna die. jay gets my guitars. brett can have first pick of my cd's. everyone else can fight to the death over everything else. but it has to be in a pool full of pudding.
my good friend       _heroin_    died yesterday. RIP Chris. I'll never forget you. You'll be forever in my words, thoughts, memories and my heart.
*sighs*   I really miss talking with       dom_monaghan    and       sean_astin    It seems like ive drifted away from a lot of people. *nods*  Im such a bloody idiot.  I always do this to people i care about..
I'm so sad. ;______;  We(Psy, Cz, BOU, Pies and I) had a Dating Game where we get guys, he asks us questions, and picks one of us. When he picks, we come out as guys and he's like "OMFG." BUT NO ONE EVER PICKED ME!! :(!!!   I'm going to cry n the girl's changeroom now! ;)
the new reggie kicks my ass... i heart it.  feeling like the poop... don't want to do anything. i think i'll go clean my room.  :/
Well, I looked at google's news page this afternoon, and apparently there's rumors going around in the Italian Press that  Pope John Paul the II has died .&nbsp;
I can't freakin find my wallet. I'm pissed.  w00t. My bard is lvl 25 now. God is it fun. I dueled a lvl 26 ranger and kicked his ass. It was fun.
I will never be able to make everyone happy all the time. My major flaw is that I  have  to. I can't control it.
"Jessica, have you ever stopped hating me?" the old woman asked. "I both love and hate you," Jessica said.  "The hate - that's from pains I must never forget. The love - that's..." "Just the basic fact," the old woman said..."   -Frank Herbert,  Dune
So my big problem with the Goth test is that they grouped hippies and yuppies together.  What is that shit?  Will someone kindly explain to me exactly how hippies and yuppies are supposed to be anything alike?  A subculture defined by the desire for money and "success" and a subculture defined by... thinking those things are gay?
BLUE         You give your love and friendship unconditionaly. You enjoy long, thoughtful conversations rich in philosophy and spirituality. You are very loyal and intuitive.           Find out your color at Quiz Me!
Today is my day off.  So of course I set my alarm for 7:00 AM.  So of course I wake up than.  I have spent the last hour and a half trying to go back to sleep, but I just can't.  This is so not fair, since I never get to sleep in.  Blah.  Edit: Am going to re-do all my icons today I think.  Yes, yes I am.
Falewell engrish ranguage, once rong ago I could speak you propelry, but now I can onry speak in thug, so falewell engrish! goodye folever!
http://www.nationalledger.com/scribe/ar chives/2005/02/gonzo_journalis.shtml   Hunter S. Thompson is dead, and my day a lot darker.
Finally have caught up on all episodes.  Just finished watching  "Do No Harm"  with twin...   and cried like a little girl  ... I'm just so overly emotional sometimes *weep* *sniffle*
A half world away, a Tsunami struck and we all thought, Thank God it's not me and there is no one I know who got caught by it.  Well today the word has been let out here at work that one of my co-workers(a Friend) and his family may have been affected by the tsunami.   No one is able to contact him or his family.  Here's hoping Harpreet Singh and family are alive and well.
A sad day in country music happened yesterday.  Chris LeDoux died.  He was a cowboy and a singer.  And if you knew his music, and the man you know why its a sad day in music to all.  Even if you dont like country music and know him, there is still that respect for him. That is all for now.
The priest who married Mat and I died a few days ago.  He was 75 and was only in the hospital for a few days.  We need more priests like Father Leo.  Please pray for his family and his parish. In other sad/weird news, my mom drove by an accident on Fair Oaks Blvd on Monday.  She found out the next day that her decorator died in it.  ::hugs:: ~ CC
Nicely done, although I wish it hadn't been necessary at all. Thomas was a good bloke, and he didn't derserve to die a death that was not intended for him. Finnegan, you have my complete empathy.
I finally got my FFXI Beta copy and after a total of 16 hours of downloading updates for it, it turns out my graphics card can't handle it.  I either need an NVIDIA GeForce with 32MB or better (starting price $89, w/o installation) or an ATI Radeon 9000 AGP series (starting price $99 w/o installation).  fuck.
Here I Go Hear Me Call Out After You Bouncing Off With The Satellites A Few Broken Words To Get Me Through This Letting Out What I'm Always Holding In Gone Away But I'm Coming Back Again Only You Can Get Me Through This   Things May Change And I'll Take The Blame But What I Am To You Will Remain The Same Unfair Exchange  When There's Nothing Clear To Take So Many Things That I Can't Be Near
hopefully the band can get once on this island up to snuff before wednesday. cuz we're pretty sad right now haha. blah. hopefully they'll be time for more intensive guitar practice after the musical, even though that's helping loosen up my hands with all the chords and whatnot. good stuff. should start looking for a job. anybody want guitar lessons? haha. blah.
You know your existance is sad when the fact that The Underground is selling Odwalla smoothies is what makes your day.  Thus my existance is sad.  The end.
http://www.sunherald.com/mld/sunher ald/10662924.htm   I know i didn't know this girl or anything but that is such a tragedy! Everyone please pray for everyone who was affected by this family, friends, and schoolmembers! May you rest in peace dear girl!  &gt;&lt;&gt; Taylor &lt;&gt;
i am lonely and no one ever comments on my journal. i want some friends and some homies and some bitches to holler at me.
Hey, you there.    My husband left me and I'm sad and I have no one to girl talk with other than fucking Seven, and  forget  that.  *grabs*  Come with me.
EDIT: paul's staying anyone who created storylines in paul's absence, please keep them, i don't want to interfere give me a big effin' hug in honor of this action
Dear Journal,  Single again.  Don't really feel like going into it again, just suffice it to say, its like, over, and I don't intend to go back.   Love, Nikki
at times she has lost herself in her own thoughts... at times she has dreamt with her eyes wide open... at times she has smiled trying to hide her sadness... *sigh* but trying to fake her smile tears trickle down her eyes... she hits the reality ground real hard...  its so true when they say "Reality Bites"... It bites real hard...
*cries*  Wayman passed away this morning from a heartattack. Marie called my Mom this morning crying. :( I can't believe it...poor Kay, I mean...:(  blah...
Sad days. I've finally allowed myself to fully face the truth. I'm coming to accept it, painful as it might be. Even though...
Apropos:    You're Kuu! You are creative and optimistic, believing that someday, we'll all be able to fly. People may dismiss you because of your youthful state of mind, but don't let that get you down. You're creative and are willing to reach for the sky.      What Haibane Renmei Character Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla     ///
Here's to the night by eve six is a great song. I miss it. I miss all the memories, as fucked up as they were. And I miss you. I miss you soooooooo much. Don't you miss us?
Mia was so sad that the fog had "disappeared" Canary Wharf that she cried. And cried.  And cried.  So I looked it up on google and showed her a picture.  That cheered her up and that, my friends, is one of the (only) purposes that the internet serves.  Just after I typed the above, she leapt on, scratched and bit me.  Now I just feel really sad and futile.  I hate days like today.
This is pathetic. I haven't used the internet this much since I first learnt how to. Or since last time I was scared of my hands being idle. Politics trips tomorrow AND Wednesday...   I started writing but the words were ill-fitting & silly.  I feel stupid updating twice in one day but it's MY journal. It gives me reassurance I can no longer count on people for.
I feel like shit. I'm a lame seme and I suck at reading signals and guessing what people want. &gt;_&lt;  I hope I havent really hurt anyone or made them really hate me by fucking up like this. :(  *sighs* I'm sorry.... ;_; I'm so sorry T_T
You can make a difference.  Just by  spreading the call  for help.    Nonton rekaman bencana tsunami dan gempa yang disiarkan Metro TV. So scary... &gt;_&lt;  Dan lagi2 hotmail gak bisa diakses.Damn it!!!
Today we lost another cat... Shamoo. He had aids and was to wild to keep in isulation so he had to be put down. I just wish I could have been there. He had a broken leg... thats why he had to be taken to the vet, I didn't know yesterday would be the last time I would ever see him. RIP Shamoo you where never very bright but we loved you.
I hate being  grounded ...  &nbsp;it fucking sucks... but   oh well   what am I to do? Right now... I'm  getting into  like  old love  song's... like from   The Notebook  ... the   Billie Holiday   songs... there so classic and I just love them... and   Judy Garland   is so aww  ... I love her voice... I know   I'm a loser  ...
Queenie (my dog) died. She got run over by a car. We found her about a quarter mile down the road from our house. She was missing for like two hours and we were looking all over for her and there she was. Im so, so, so, so, so sad. So is my other dog, Zoey. Im really just.,,,depressed completely about this. I was going to go out tonight with some ppl from work but I need to be alone.
i dont know guys, I am almost into tears from what happened last night. May be I am being way to selfish not thinking about her perspective. But you know what I never ever ever ever get what I want. :-(((  I can't say a lot but I am into tears now, yeah I am a sissy, with a FUCKIN lot of emotions :-(.   Later  ‹^› ‹(•¿•)› ‹^›
So I just watched ep's 16-19 of Gankutsuo, and man did I ball my eyes out. They hurt so bad from all the crying XD But it was just so sad =( God I'm such a looooooooser =D
Hello again, I still don't know who's available to come down here.  Everyone who wants to can!  My little sister needs to get away from my stressful house so she may join us, and if that's the reason you won't come - you suck.  Please let me know...  Alyssa
Pope John Paul just died!  I am happy for him, but sad for the state of the world!  He was such a beautiful man of peace!  I know he's happy and in a better place.  I will miss him terribly!  He was a spiritual Father for many millions of people!
Sadly, the Obsidian Wing collective just invited the right-wing nutcase Bird Dog to join them.  And it used to be such a good blog, too.  I know at least one member of the ObWing collective reads my livejournal: when you see this, can you take my name off your "regulars" list? Thanks.  Update: Actually, and FWIW,  this thread  has caused me to take some time out to rethink. So I'm re-thinking.
I can't get how good she looked out of my head last night. I sometimes miss what we had. I wish the events that took place to what happened never took place. But the past is now history. Still, I still can't get this wierd feeling out of my chest. I can still hear her crying. I stress myself out with guilt. Healing takes time.
I seriously can't stand this seclusion. It always comes creeping up on me. Somebody AIM me or something. I really need to talk to someone right now.  AIM:PA234253P
Shimma  The air smells just like my dreams The moon is just as it seems We could meet right here, or something  It's impossible It's pitiful So wonderful to reach  I saw a bird here once I saw a girl here once In the perfect light I saw night
Borgo met Bambi Breckinridge in Kent last nite and beat her to a pulp! Bambi looked sweet in her pink tights... And Borgo stomped her all over the ring... She didn't stand a chance. I think she broke her spine!  They say that Tinkerbell has to wrestle MAD COW next! That could be a spot of bother...  In further news i got a turquois berrett for my hair. i feel posh.
I wanna be a part of DeadJournal!  I wanna be a part of DeadJournal right now!  Everyone's over there and partying without me.   *pouts*   Stolen from teh Jim (he's cool, cause he uses LJ!):
You've been a faithful friend, and loyal pet. You will be missed. I just wish I could've seen you one last time. Sweet dreams.
A sad day at the close of a very sad week. First the killing of Terri Schiavo, who passed on Thursday morning. And now the death of Pope John Paul II, who died roughly an hour ago as I type this. Both now have gone to their eternal rest, both have my love and respect. Farewell.
i lernt last week a grate aunt of mine from Irland died her funeral was last week, never even knew she was ill *sighs* first Chritmas with out 2 of my relitives....couldnt go to the funeral....but at least i got to see her befor she died....  i just want this year to end soon
I'm about to cry.      ;_________;     In other news, go watch Fruits Basket. It's totally hardcore. Mmm.. cow..
Napoleon was put to sleep yesterday.  He was suffering in his old age and my parents decided it was the humane thing to do.  I am devastated I did not get to say goodbye.  He was the sweetest creature.  I love him.  Goodbye mister.
wahhhh~ i cant find my magi negi 3 &gt;&lt;''''''''''' i think i'm going crazy, cuz i just saw it few days ago, and today when i'm cleaning out my mangas i cant seem to find it!!!! ;_____________; i hope it turns out soon ;_______;
I was saddened when I found  this . But, I can only consider myself lucky to once having had the opportunity to spend 3 years at the most beautiful campus I have ever seen.
Dondi leaves officially and finally for Australia tomorrow afternoon. I'll have more on him and details but it feels so monumental someone who has been my best friend, companion, brother and room mate will be gone after so many years. I wish him well but sadness and tears are close to me now.   Good bye Toad I love ya
http://petoftheday.com/talk/showthr ead.php?s=&threadid=47616  :(  I didn't want to type it out again.
I have come to the conclusions Glorfie is either:  a) dead b) hates me and doesn't want to come back c) really really really dead d) deader than dead e) really fucking dead  Yeah.   ;__;  I think poor little Absinthe was devastated, he tried to shove a goblin in his mouth. :(  I'm going to weep now.
......... :(    But..I....  I don't hate  you !!!!  Glorfie  hates you! You were my favorite pet!!!!! No matter what other goblin I let in our home none were as  fucking psychoitc, demonic, and as homicidal  special as you!!  :(  I just said those things because I was upset.   Damnit, damnit, damnit, guilt trip...going to bang head in mirror again....
...found out some bad news today about a friend, one of those thinsg that u really can't do anything about either which just makes it worse..  uni is going ok, still working loads, got my graduation for my degree next week,in worcester catherdral, such fun, wish my dad was gonna be there, he's in america, mums going to be there though.
In remembrance of those who lost their lives to the tragic events of September 11, 2001.    9/11 does not pass each year that I don't remember where I was when I heard about the first plane (I am thankful, at least, I was with a dear friend) or I don't bow my head and cry about that terrible day, no matter what I am doing.  So many more angels...
Today is a sad day, I've decided to leave the Linuxjunior.org community with which I've been involved since the very beginning. It simply stopped being fun, but I will miss the many friends I made there over the years.
My favorite pornographic web comic, Sexy Losers, has vanished from the Web.  I weep.  Edit: Joy! It's  back!  Sadly, still no new strip, but I understand the artist suffers quite a bit from, I think, tendonitis.
Just when you think you've gotten a handle on things, something comes up that makes you want to pull the covers up over your head and hide from the world for the foreseeable future. Like unexpectedly smacking your head on the underside of your desk, it's not so much the pain as the fact that you weren't expecting it.
i cant believe it, never thought this day would come (tear) the loving, careing puppet sharing guy we all used to watch on TV, has passed away. this is going to be hard but ill get through it.     Ps. I love you Mr. Rogers
There is no shame in losing a battle if you fought with your all until the end.  Bast is dead. Long live Bast.
I have realized in the last  couple of days, how much of a BITCH I am to people..I don't mean to be most of the time either...  People tell me alot, of how much  I'm mean to them or how much of a BITCH I am to them...Makes me feel like shit...  To get off a sore subject.. I only have to make standard on two things on my Scholaraly paper!!!woo hoo  LATER DAYS
Not more than a few days ago, I asked Anthony (after seeing a Perdue Commercial) if Frank Perdue was still alive.  Since he hasn't been in the media for over 10yrs Anthony was sure that he had already passed away.  He is totally a part of TV History.  I myself only buy Perdue Chicken.  R.I.P  Frank Perdue!
;_______________________________;  im crying so hard i nthe moment T_________________________________T Chrno Crusade is ooo sad UU" *sobbs*  im crying since 30 minutes TT the whole last episode ;O; itsso sad UU"  uhuu~~~~~~~uuh  *sobsob*
So i just read  in this article from the Bryan/College Station Eagle  that a guy i went to Temple High with was electrocuted over the weekend.  He was a good guy.  I didn't really know him that well, but well enough to chat some around campus.  A real shame.  Everyone be careful at your job, please.
if i could do just one near perfect thing i’d be happy they’d write it on my grave, or when they scattered my ashes
Fuck this fucking town. Tonight. Any night.  Well, that definitley didn't turn out as I thought.   ..even Steven Pedersen can't make me feel better. but why do I even feel sad?    Blahhhhhhhhhhhhh.
Well, I had an email from him this morning thanking me for the card and telling me now to worry, our friendship wouldn't be affected.  And that he would keep in touch and come visit, and possibly be moving back in the future.  That was it.  No further replies.  *sigh*  :(
That I get from some people that I'm not a true Joshtin fan because I can read other pairings and enjoy them. :(    I like reading crossovers.   I didn't know there was a rule stating you couldn't enjoy JC with anyone else but Justin.
Man, my floor is going on a canoe trip & it sounds really goddamn cool. Bayous and alligators and everything. I know that I would be in agony after about 30 minutes of sitting in a canoe. Fuck, I need drugs.   Saddness.
how come when i go to the hairdressers and say that i DON'T want layers THEY FUCKING GIVE ME LAYERS! i spent over a year trying to grow my hair out and now my hair is exactly the same as the last time i went to a salon to get it cut... which ended in tears... well not really... but i was crying on the inside... time to brown bag it D:
&hearts;: Comment &hearts;: Credit       &clubs;Christmas &clubs;Ballet &clubs;Other        Christmas 01  02  03  04  05  06    Ballet 07  08  09    Other 10  11
well, My bike is in Seattle.   I lie. Currently it is on the border between Renton and Seattle, on the Right hand northbound Side of I-5.  It will be towed here sometime tonight.       Anyone wanna buy a Rebel with a tiney-tad bit of transmission trouble?
Pop ups everywhere!  Mike, come and fix it...I think it's possessed!   Stupid springing ahead an hour...I needed that extra hour!
I don't even know what to do anymore...i feel so confused and lost and dependent and worthless and i wanna know how to fix it...it's hard having to go through school right now w/ so many other things on my mind...i know love hurts and i know you hafta work at it, but why cant someone have the answer?!
The details are still coming in, but it is suspected that Dimebag Darrel from Pantera/Damage Plan was shot and killed at a gig in Ohio last night.  http://www.nbc4i.com/news/3983630/detail.h tml  for more details.  R.I.P. Darrell.
After much stress full thinking...I decided to go back to Oklahoma. :( The money thing is get to stressful for me. I've out grown all but 2 of my good pants. Sorry who all this affects I love you all....     APRIL FOOLS!!! Don't hurt me. o_o; *hides* Naw Sister-in-law and I talked about it and she said we will managed. Besides...if I left what would you guys do without me :) LUFF LUFF LUFF!
my jimmy eat world cd is all scratched. *cries a whole bunch* i guess that's what happens when you play it WAY too much.. :\   goodnight.
jessica's going to the winter formal dance at U of I this friday, without me since i gotta work, and she still seems to wonder why i'm upset about it, i mean i trust her and all, but still, i know she wouldn't want me going to something like that without her.  maybe i just worry too much, but it still kinda sucks that she's still dying to go to this without me.
I have erased this posting cause i guess i opened a can of worms... it isnt worth fighting over... I was teasing and am sorry for any hurt i caused. I hope the right people can forgive me. I'm sorry!!
Rodney Dangerfield died today.  I've always been a big fan.  Caddyshack, The Ladybugs, Back to School?!?  I mean come on.  The man is a genius.  He thought he got no respect.  Well...Mr. Dangerfield, you have my respect.
i dont have tv on my computer n e more. & this is drivin me insane. nothing to watch. porn smorn !!! i dont know what to do !!!
I feel like such a dumb ass. I really feel like a lame ass. my week is getting worst by the day. tonight i lost my nieces cell phone :0( When stoopid things like that happens to me I loose my humor, my energy & whatnot.  do i feel bad enough to cry? yeahhhhhhhhhhh   n e ways
Sad today. Miss everyone..lonely...restless. I think I'll go and listen to Depeche Mode, lay on my bed and contemplate my navel. Where is Grace when you need her?
it is impressive as in my life when the things are good for me, my relationship with my parents is the worse possible one. hey dan, your gift must arrive this week, perhaps in friday
why does everything fall to pieces? why does everything end bad? why does good intentions always turn to dust in my hand? fuck this, please, and let me have one minute of joy. one minute of happiness, that's all i want. pretty please, with fucking sugar on top - one minute?
damn my hockey schedule what a bitch  theres much more of a rant to put- but i dont have time or feel like posting it
sad news... rayna died... my python. think it got a little too cold in here... not happy. but she s back outside with Mother gaia now so... shes where she belongs. just wanted to let you know... all of ya who remember her from movie nights. and stuff.
For those of you who may not have heard yet,  Dimebag Darrell has been murded .  Shit.  That's fucked up.  I've actually been cranking alot of Pantera recently, and reminding myself of how much they rocked, and what a great axeman Dimebag was.  And then this happens.  Bleah.  DIMEBAG!
My elbows hurt from working out. I'm not in a good mood again. Val Emmich show tomorrow night. Miggs show Friday night. I need to not be depressed.  P.S - I am SO sick of sitting in a chair all day long.
parents are back today. vacumed the entire house. had KFC for lunch (an original burger and chips. tried new mango chewies. watched Aus Idol. got annoyed. came to the realisation that after today, my mother will start cooking healthily. became sad.
My PBS kids story about clifford the big red dog finally stopped working.  It was supposed to stop thirty days after being created... but it went on for about a year and one month extra... until today.   I'm about to give up drinking for a life of morning jogs and lemonade stands. It's going to be Out Standing.
I'm not ignoring you guys, I'm just feeling "meh" and "bleh" about not being in the UK and going to gigs at this moment - so I'm, well, yes... ignoring your entries. But not YOU, alright? I hope you all enjoy the gigs!  :(
Mousegirl  is upset.  Doesn't want to be a mouse.  Misses being people.  Will miss Mousegirl.  Mousegirl will forget Pig if she becomes a Girl again.  :(
I don't know what to say here...something terrible has happened...this monday my sisters boyfriend died...my friend...almost a part of the family, he spent christmas with us...everything is so absurd, not real. Nothing will ever be the same again and so many people are missing him...
i have a lot of reading to do.  30 pages of spanish for tommorow and 80 pages of jane eyre for tuesday.  along with 25 vocab words memorized and a calculus test and more where that came from.  drink up baby, stay up all night
So, Matt got a job for the summer at Polaris, which is like his dream job, so I am very happy for him.  But then I found out Polaris in in Minneapolis, MN and the job goes from May-December!!  I am so sad, I am hardly going to see him in the next 7 months, this summer is gonna suck sooo bad!!!
That the Pope has died.  We'll miss you, John Paul II.  *sighs sadly*  I'll have to re-read Tom Clancy's "Red Rabbit" in tribute.
So, I've been telling myself for the past few months that I don't care where I end up as long as I can return to the wierdness that for me passes for normalcy. I had *NO* idea it would be Orange County, California. Oh well. I will at least be close to my family. I will miss my house, the weather and the Pacific Northwest in general.
okay, i admit it. i'm desperate to be thin. i'm skinny enough already, but i want to be  thin . gorgeous, slender legs and arms and face. face, face, face. i want to be beautiful to  me . and i never am. it makes me mad.
Ok, we lost... and that sucks.  Big Time.  But from what I got to see, that was a freakin' awesome game.  There wasn't really anything we could've done differently.  And #2 in the nation isn't exactly something to sneeze at, especially since it's the farthest we've ever gotten.  So let's all move on and celebrate Act! Speak! Build! Week ;)
grrrrrrrrr, there is nothing worse than not being able to say goodbye to a great friend and companion.  im sorry that I didnt get the chance Jen, i'll miss you more than you'll ever know and I can only hope and pray that where ever you go, youll be happy........the day your not, call me. ill always be here for you......
My mom somehow got a promo copy of Million Dollar Baby yeah...Million Dollar Depression dude.  I never cry in movies but by the end of this one I was crying big salty tears. I rate the movie suicidaly good. And on that note, time for sleep.
If I were to die tomorrow, what would be your last words to me?   &gt;&gt;I feel like such a curse. Things are not going along very well.
I don't understand it. The only people in the world who can make me feel bad are Jenn and my father. Jenn just chooses to never do so.
I felt like someone punched me in the stomach when I read this:   Hunter S. Thompson Dead At 67   Tomorrow's going to be a horrible fucking day.
But Superman can't...die!    "Hollywood needs to do more," he said in the March 1996 Oscar awards appearance. "Let's continue to take risks. Let's tackle the issues. In many ways our film community can do it better than anyone else. There is no challenge, artistic or otherwise, that we can't meet."   A good man, Charlie Brown.
Mortality is a bitch.  I just saw that Ken Uhland passed on Saturday afternoon.  He was diagnosised in November/December and died less than 6 months.  It really freaks me out.    Mom told me that she has had another PIA.. mini-stroke.  That is number three.  I didn't know that she has had three.  GRRRRR.  However, she is now on Plavix.  Hopefully it will work.
Sigh.  Had to have my dog put down this morning. It's very sad but she was old and just not enjoying life anymore. My poor brother! He loved that dog! Oh well. .
Yeah, I know it is all over the blogoverse.  Deal.  Damn, Mitch.  Damn.  Rest in peace, man.  Find a better place.
My old neighbour, Uncle Akkies, finally passed away yesterday. I'm not sure if it was from old age (he was over 80) or from that cancer, but it is sad that is gone. But it is best, I suppose, since he had been in hospital and had suffered there all the time. Funeral is on Thursday...
Some time ago I talked about how my neighbour, Uncle Akkies, landed in hospital because of some kind of cancer growth. He got out, but now he's back in the hospital. He has looking not good, especially since he is over 80, and my mom, who is rather upset about this, thinks he might not make it. We still wait for word on his condition. All we do now is pray and hope for the best...
I just heard from Phil that my grandpa passed away yesterday.  He spent the last few weeks in the hospital and Sarah and I visited him a week ago. The hospital released him into hospice care at Phil’s house. He died without pain in his own bed. He will be missed.
Will Eisner passed away on January 3rd, 2005 at the age of 87 following quadruple bypass heart surgery.    http://www.willeisner.com
Well, due to my youngest daughter being sick, I am going to have to cancel on going to the Furry Meetup tonight.  Oh well.  There is next month. --  Living on earth may be expensive, but it includes a free trip around the sun.
yesterday was my birthday and I woke in the morning so depressed,In the school everything was ok.I didnt want to celebrate it but a few friends took me to a party,I had a good time and when I got back at home I started to cry for hours.I hate birthdays.I dont want anything.The time passes by so quickly,Indeed I dont want to live and I hate life.but.... great.now I want to cry again. ITS SO WRONG.
They are ringworms, but just in two places and I already have medicine, but...it's so unfair. I always have something fucked up about me when we go on vacation! And Kirstine told Tyler about how I like Drae, there's the party...and...it feels like nothing ever goes right for me.
have you ever noticed it's the small things that hurt the most?  the mistake that was completely unintentional that just tears you up inside?  how easy it is to get over the big things - but something you WANT to get over, you desperately want NOT to bother you, just stays with you...  hearts should be made of sterner stuff.
so far depression has been my specialty, but now, it's been replaced with happiness, and yet again I'm scared..because of what I told my mother tonite.
I'm not passing my Science and Social Control midterm.  I don't know how I'm going to create a five page paper out of very little information for my Art and Propaganda class.  Arctander's not getting my mini-paper for another week.  My culnative GPA is 3.04, I can totally kiss that goodbye after this semester.
POST A MEMORY OF ME.  it can be anything you want. then post this in your journal. see what people remember about you.  ok so tomorrow is the career fair at school.  We will have to see what happens with that!
Recently, I've noticed that most fic with graphic descriptions of sex ignores the risk involved. I know it's fantasy and so on, but I want to issue a challenge. Fic, short, long, or even drabble, het, m or f slash, any rating, any pairing, any fandom, involving safe sex. Condoms, dams, whatever floats your horny little boats, as long as it's fun, and preferably imaginative. Any takers?
some things make me sad.   I loves my kitty Louis.   i currently have 35 cents next to me. annnnddd apparently the general census is that that is not enough for food.  damn.  who wants to barrow me 50 cents?
I really love this site, I wish it was updated more often...   LOst in a memory      I love this one...
I wonder, who am I, who do people think I am, who do they see me as, who should I be, who will I be, who do I want to be. So many different me's.
Fuck it - I just can't help myself.  I say one thing, one sill thing and damn I want to destroy myself. I need the pain, I need to hurt - that will help, it will dampen all this overwhelming loathing of me
My school had a two hour delay, my district no school so I didn't have to go to school "sigh" My live journal irritates me. Many things irrirate me lately. So yeah I'm thinking about things a lot. And it's making me sad. But it doesn't matter. It's okay. That's life.
My green jacket with the white insides is missing.  I need it desperately. Please. I'm even making this post public.  If anybody saw what could've possibly happened to it, please alert me!! Thank you
Rainy day for a sad day. It's been a year since the "11M". Bombs in Madrid,  191 people passed away, so many others got permantent damages, physically and psicologically. I just want to give everybody a big hug and all my love. I hope it never happens again...  Tod@s con Madrid
he broke up with me!!! iam so depressed rite now. well i have been for the last couple of days. but i spose im ova it. but he dumoed me!!! dat asshole. anywayz just thought dat i would share. luv ya lotz megz xoxoxo
I'm sitting here at home, trying to code. But I can't.  I'm listening to BBC World Service. Waiting for the news for it to happen.  When it does - I still haven't been to St. Peter's, the Catherdral-Basilica of London. I think it'll be a good time to pay a visit.
If anyone finds this, it means my plan didn't work and I'm already dead. But if I can somehow go back to the beginning of all of this, I might be able to save her.
just had a much needed conversation with someone. [yes, at two in the morning]. how come every time you need to talk to people and tell them important things, you never can? and you wait until the very last possible moment to actually say things?&nbsp;i hate that.
YAH IBU MAU PERGI YAH PASTI BAKALAN SEPI KITA KAN DAH AKRAB TAPI YOU ALWAYS IN MY HEART..... ATI ATI YAH EN ALWAYS REMEMBER ME EN US OKK!!!
Ahhh!  Where oh where is my beloved jean jacket? It's like a suit jacket style and it's dark denim and I got it at   Old Navy*   a long time ago and I love it to death. And I was planning wearing it the first day of skool. Karma bites. It hides my clothes.     * they have -some- cute stuff there..
If you sms me & I never reply, it means i'm upset.  Do not worry if that happens because I will soon recover & replied you.  If you call me & can't get through, it means I do not wish to speak to anyone.  Fret not, cos I will soon recover & call you back.
With all that is going on, I never thought about what one does with engagement rings after you don't need them anymore.  Any ideas?
I had another fight with my mother today morning. I dont know how long I can take it anymore... All this pressure sucks out whole my energy. I really just want to leave, somewhere far far away from people. Like South Pole or Moon.
So apparently I am out of everyone's loop.    I'm not even in people's pictures anymore.  Gawd, where have all the cowboys gone?
So like. My mother is going through a menopause phase probably.  She's freaking out over boxes and dishes.  Over-reacting like woah.  Daddy doesn't want to be bitten so he takes her side.  And now I'm pissed.  I have so many people up my ass right now it's unbelivable. But i probably deserve it. So i'm not going to complain anymore.
http://www.hospicepatients.org/will iam-hammesfahr-md-09-12-02-report-re-ter ri-schiavo.html   Interesting...   http://www.zimp.org/stuff/Discharge%20S ummary%20050990.pdf
Dad was admitted to the hospital today with something called celulosis and a sinus infection. He'll probably be able to come home mid-week next week, but they'll have to do surgery in (about) six weeks to repair the damage to his sinuses so he doesn't develop a brain absess since whateveritis has eaten a hole in his skull. Poor Dad. I'm going to visit him after work tomorrow.
My dad's email account just recieved a spam from a "Francis Black" wanting to sell him Viagra. Poor Frank. Obviously his solo career isn't going so well.
Rutherford, my newest percula clown is dead. I came home during lunch and saw him, he was almost all white, and kind of swimming fast but then he'd float around and bounce off of things like he was dead. It was really sad to watch. Then he just kinda fell to the bottom, upside down.   =(
I'm sure it's probably my unbalanced hormones during that monthly thing, but I feel empty at the moment. I don't like that feeling.
it just makes me sad. and i dont know if i should be sad. yknow?   as my mother says ' this time is like a pimple on someones ass somewhere'   i hope so.
Just had one of those evenings where I feel like I've been such a bitch to/about everyone, so if that's you I do apologise.  I feel like if I just do one misjudged or nasty thing everyone will discover I'm a horrible person and they won't want to know me any more.  x
I should have done this yesterday, but I never got around to it.  Here's a link to my  slashdot journal  about yesterday.  I posted there because she had lots of friends there.
*sniff* cocteau twins pulled outta coachella. *sniff* theres still a whole buncha bands at the festival that i am keen on...but *sniff* i was sooooooooo set on hearing liz fraser sing....  *sniff sniff sad*
What do you do when you realize that you're becoming something to someone that you can never change, and will only get worse? What do you do when you know you're losing a good friend, and someone you love at the same time?  On another note, what do you do when someone tells you they like you? I think I handled that pretty well today...better than usual, anyway.....
http://www.nike.com/canada/nikehockey/l ockout/   I've been gone because I didn't have internet, and I don't really have the motivation or the time to go to school just to go on the internet and update my live journal.   But anyway, I got my internet back, so I guess the semi-regular updates will be back. Not that anybody reads anyhow.
Having a f'list full of Shannon/Boone 'shippers is just really  depressing  today. *flails*  Meh. I have to go and get my hair cut. Um. I lead a full and interesting life! ;)
Was really sad to hear that Todd passed away. He was one of the nicest and most memorable people I've ever met.
I was very sad to hear that one of my favorite actors, Jerry Orbach, passed away last night after a bout with prostate cancer. He's been in dozens of movies, tv shows and on Broadway, but I loved him for the character he played on Law & Order, Lenny Briscoe. The Law & Order universe won't be the same without him.
this is her headshot from the website. i drew this for her birthday.     it looks different from my usual style. but meh...it came out ok. tell me how you like it!   Current Project:  christmas presents (thanks for your help, kat!!!)  Next Project:  no clue
Today, I got a silly message that made me feel terrible sad... I supossed friend sent me the message that she doesn´t wanted to hear from me, I never said something evil... If a friend is tired or bored of my messages and don´t wanted to see at their journals, very simple just delete them and that is all to do. I suppose that I´m not a bad friend... Or am I a bad person?
Got this from       ls56   . Richard Biggs, who played Dr. Franklin on the TV series Babylon 5, has passed away.  Lara posted  a few links about this.
Rest in Peace our dearest Pope John Paul II forever you will live on in our hearts and we shall remember the joys and miricales you brought.  R.I.P  1920-2005
I want to move out of my mom's house, but I don't want to go to my dad's. So I'm stuck. And miserable. Please, god, somebody, help.
I can't even describe the utter feelings I am feeling now.  Just a lot of tension.  Tim and I had a fight and it is still unresolved.  The first fight that ended up hurting so many.  I love him dearly and I hope we can repair what happened.  Well I am feeling sad so I am going to go.
*is, like, not happy*  :(  *cause her Yavanna  isn't happy *  :(  *wants to make her happy*  *goes to find Aule to make her happy*
"There are 12 million children in Africa who have lost their parents due to AIDS and unless something is done, there may be as many as 20 million by 2010."   http://www.one.org/
sorry everybody   and to all the people who posted there - no need to sorry, you are not the ones that need to apologise.  On another note, I'm sorry for not updating for ages.  I've been busy, but not with anything interesting.  I'll get back to you soon!
Sin City is an excellent movie. You should all go see it. I give it two thumbs way way way up!   Lost made me cry tonight. It was beyond sad. Someone died and it was who I predicted. I guess I should be happy it wasn't Sawyer but I'm still sad.  And then the American Idol results made me even more sad! Nikko was my favorite. I'm boycotting.   Wow.   I need a life.
.   so i have two choices where to move: mexico or slovakia  i'm rattled in my decision, so i write to try to make a choice. i find myself not wanting to make it but having to.  in that, i have no choice.
heya... i'm already 6 month in a relationship with my fiancé ^^  i looooooooooooooooooooooove him so much!!!  ...and in summer we'll spend 3 weeks together...  ...*smiles*...  liebe dich...verlobter^^ ...vermisse dich...
I don't know why I feel sad today.....I just do. maybe a good walk in the rain will help me figure things out.  Mike
Today we mourn the passing of Rodney Dangerfield.He was 82. Hopefully in heaven he finally get soemtin he never got here....RESPECT! Rest in Peace Rodney Dangerfield.
i got a new journal. i'm in the deadjournal now. ::sob:: i don't know why i did it. i posted an entry, then panicked. (no! i don't WANT a new journal!!!) so i tried my very hardest to delete the whole thing, but couldn't so... so... now i have a new journal.  deadjournal.com/users/lillaugh ::sigh::
even if i spend only an hour a week in church, i still feel orphaned now.  JP II, R.I.P. we love you. you will be missed.
And once again my tears are my only company to put me to sleep. I will hug my pillow think of the things in my life that seem to be going right and making me happy.  For once in a long time I will try to let go and get some sleep.
hai.. got this huge chinese test tml.. a lot of words to learn.... ahhhhhhh........ :( hai.. die die.. promos coming. gonna do badly i think :(
hai.. got back this chem test.. actually pass on the dot de.. 32.5/65... hai.. then today teacher collect back the paper ._. then minus one! ahhhhhh then i fail =( always juz pass or nearly passs =( all my test marks 33/60 49.5/100 5/10 9.5/20 13/20 32.5/65 hai. cham liao
ok so i admit,, two out of the three times ive watched pearl harbor the movie, ive shed some tears.. its ok ,,,cause im a man,,and im not afraid to admit it.. i think its the only movie that has made me get upset.. if you havent seen it ,,go rent it~
Even if you were the one who did it cause you've been wanting to do it for so long and you know it was the right thing to do?  Damnit, stupid chest pains won't go away. And the  tears ,  ugh , don't get me started on the tears.  It's like breakups are  supposed  to hurt, no matter how "pleasant" they are.
i was just sitting there, waiting for my pictures to print. and i just noticed how empty i felt. the house is so quiet. and i just felt so sad and i suddenly dont understand why im sitting here alone. and why what keeps a person tied down is so much more important than what they want.   i miss my family so much.
I miss Jura. :-(     (Thanks to       dinomonkey    for the edit of my piccy of Jura so I could use it on lj)
FOR WANT OF A NAIL    ---------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------  For want of a nail , the shoe  was lost: For want of the shoe , the horse  was lost; For want of the horse , the rider  was lost; For want of the rider , the battle  was lost;  For want of the battle , the kingdom  was lost, And all for the want of a nail.
Tim broke up with me. He was the best thing I had in my life. I don't know what to do now. I think he made the right decision, since I can't stand lying of any kind, but I have never felt so bad before.
I  love  Bangalore for everything.... except ....the traffic!! ....the heightened pollution levels *cough cough* ....the surreal malls where  everything  is overpriced and overrated ....the fact that the rich have gotten richer while the poor have gotten poorer :-(
Oh no!!! They disappeared right in front of my eyes as I happily viewed them... *sad* Could you let me know if you can see them, pls?
I was thinking today...  Do I come off as a mean person?   Sometimes I feel like I do... I really don't mean to. Please tell me?
Sometimes I really, really hate myself.  Not so much for what my own stupidity does to me, but because I let other people down and make them upset.
Upon entering The Rage on asian night, I've decided that SOMEONE NEEDS TO TEACH ME HOW TO DANCE!!!   PLEEEEEEASE?
We got Liz' new garb all done.  Considering where we started I'm impressed.  I'm not sure if it fits right - since I have no idea how it's suppose to fit.  I just found out that my favorite prof died.  He was too young.  It's Friday and perforce should be a good day.    Tomorrow is Saturday and should be a good day filled with good company.
I miss my sister.  maybe i  shall  take a couple extra days in cali when i am there on business in april to go and see her. and the little pug, phoebe.  i miss her antics.
Sam and I had a "falling out."  Apparently, I don't matter.  Who says that anyway.  I love drinking so much beer over such a long period of time that you don't get THAT drunk, but really full.  Cory took pictures of me tonight...I feel like such a model, even though I looked like crap.  It's too late...I have class in 8 hours...poop.
While cleaning out some crap today i found the white rocks i was saving from a camping trip to give to my grandpa...
Shit. That describes my day yesterday.  Utter, complete shit.    *sigh*  You think you know someone, and then *bam*  they prove that you never really did.  I think I'll become a misanthrope.
My best friends broke up. I'm...stunned, and confused. Because they were - they were Tom and Adam! They aren't Tom and Adam without the and.  And I'm so sad for both of them. I wish there were a way I could hold them both and just hug them forever. *sighs* Life is so hard sometimes.  I love you both, though. Please don't forget that.    Disclaimer.
Natalie, Bucky, Miss Sashay, and Chihuahua sez...   Goodbye to Smokey...     We did not know you well but we wish we had a chance to know you better.  Be well in kitty heaven.   R.I.P  ***fuzzles to Auntie       thetaet
i am so stupid everything is all fucked up cause of me feels like nothing is going right right now.    FUCK    -dan-   ps try to cheer me up if u can bye
dont wanna drive around cuz i use up way too much gas and cant walk around cuz people are stupid an they see me walkin by there house an they think im like a convict or something an they feel the need to call the cops(sadly, yes that has happened..) i guess because i look suspicious? but whatever i let it bother me too much an im trying not to..maybe its the hair?..
wow i have like no time to talk so i can onlt say hi to every one... i love you brandon... i miss u SOOOOOOOO  much and i wish that u were here w/ me!... i will be home soon. and i will try 2 call asap! i love you and tell every one i said hi
kid i cant even begin to explain how sad u make me when u say things like i hate you and stuff. it honestly hurts my feelings! i just wish the me and you could be as good as friends like we were last year! i could always tell u stuff. and you would tell me things to ... now its not even close to that any more. we grown so far apart. i hope we can become great friends again... i miss u so much.
Ok. I really wish i had someone who would listen to me.   I am really sick of trying. and people walk away.  Anyone willing to take that position???
Hi Lee,   I'm having problem with your phones again, but I wanted to thank you for  applying and meeting with us. We have decided to go with another candidate.   Best luck in the future.   David  Human Resources Director   NYC LGBT Pride
HAHA ITS FRIDAYYY SKOOOLLSSS&nbsp; OVERRR..well for the weekend lmao..today was okay i guess..ive been thinkin al0t ab0ut tricia today..i miss her like crazy..i was crying today in 4th period..it was sad..well someones callin i gotz ta go..MUCH lOve
R.I.P. Pope John Paul II--April 2, 2005 after 84 years of life. I know that you are now much happier, happier than you have ever been before, because you are with our Father in Heaven. And i also know that you are now able to watch over all of His poeple beeter than ever before!!
if u would like to make a donation go to this site:   http://www.unicefusa.org/site/pp.as p?c=duLRI8O0H&b=25933   it's so sad...every day i see this on the news.    anything will help guys.
I'm in one of those weird moods again. Jesus, why am I so moody all the time? I mean, why was I, of all males, cursed with the "Man Period Syndrome"?
my friend david cook got in a bad car accident..(from what i herd from kristen cook) i don't know steven..but..pray for him also.  best of luck to the Cook family, and Steven's family  :O(  -Ben-
I am very sad.  Mommy and Daddy took away my windows so they could put their air conditioner in.  They say we can't have the windows open while it's on.  I miss my perches.  I propped open the blinds in the living room window so I can look out any time I want, since they took my window perches away.
I salute you Senator Kerry.  That probably was one of the most gracious speeches I have ever watched on television.  I've tried so hard not to cry,and to be strong in the face of the adversity.  Just know that I would've been proud to "Send You"
I feel phyically ill...god you'd think it would start later this week... I just have to try to not think about it too much...
have you ever seen the movie cold mountain?  this story to me is the most frank and graceful story that i have ever heard. it is definately one of my favorites not only because it has jack white in it but also because of the love story...lol  two people fall desperately in love after only a few words between the two. is this truly possible? quite. lol i love you
with all of this i feel now everything inside of my heart it all just seems to be how nothing i feel pulls at me at all again i wait for this  to pull apart  to break my time in two another night with her but i'm always wanting you
I missed seeing Formicans this weekend...  now I feel bad.  I really really wanted to see it  But I couldn't manage to drag my parents to Hollywood.  I hope it went well.  &hearts;
i was so bored so sad and so pist all in one day haha bored as fuck i miss jalahn so bad grrrr  i miss my lil black friend sniffle
"My heart has joined the Thousands, for my friend stopped running today..."-Old rabbit proverb         bob_holocaust     He has only entered a sleep from which we shall never awake.  May he continue to run in the world he has crossed over to.
hi.. we're selling taylor, and im rly rly rly sad. i dont want him to gooo! i &lt;3 him so much.. but i knew he was gunna go at first, but i fell in love. and now a stupid little 5 year old is buying him. and making him english. he's not even good at that. GOD! stupid 5 year olds. think they own the worLD!!  im so piiiiiissssssssssssssssssssed!!  julie.
What is emo?             The University of Blogging    Presents to   tamurl    An Honorary   Bachelor of   Emo    Majoring in   Whingeing      Signed   Dr. GoQuiz.com    ®               Username:       Blogging Degree  From  Go-Quiz.com
thanks everyone for caring and for all the hugs... these next few days are gonna be hard so if u wanna call i'll have my cell. well i have to go finish packing ill be home soon. thanks again    &lt;3 kris
*sigh* I still haven't started my memory pages OR my 1000 word paper on Ray Bradbury. My books are overdue. I need to renew them.The rates are going to be insane and I'm po. I need a haircut and I'm having issues with a graduation dress. My eyes hurt. So do a lot of other things. My mood swings are getting worse. I don't know what's wrong with me. Bye for now.      -Eve
perriewinkle19 Highway    Paintown    6      Dumpsville    17      Bankruptcity    59      Lake Love    136      Childbirth Hospital    218      Please Drive Carefully               Username:      Where are you on the highway of life?
You scored as  Loner .        Geek             75%       Loner             75%       Goth             63%       Drama nerd             56%       Punk/Rebel             50%       Prep/Jock/Cheerleader             25%       Ghetto gangsta             19%       Stoner             13%        What's Your High School Stereotype?   created with  QuizFarm.com
Yeah I guess today went pretty good and fast, but for some reason now I'm in the bitchyest mood ever! And I have no idea why either...I should be happy...Schools done for the holidays! But I'm not...I'm just making myself cry more and nore now...I don't know what wong with me!
For those of you that do not know. The Awesome guitarist of pantera and damageplan was shot and killed last night at a show by an audience member. the shooter was killed and i ope dimebag does his worst to him in the afterlife. ~lest we forget 1966-2004 Darrell Abott RIP~
i'm reading this book, stupeur et tremblement. Well actually I only read 2 pages of the book and I gave it up. In those 2 pages maybe have the words in it I didn't understand. Okay, maybe half is a litle exagerated but still a lot of words I don't understand.
it's not like you stole something from me. you took something that was never offered to me.  whatever. people are dissapointing.  lw
hey guys. for your info i am not going skating. instead i am going to my friends house. we are going to have so much fun. i hate to ice skate.sorry. have fun.
That is the last time i throw a party at mine. ppl are meant to be happy and have fun at a party. All n e one seemed 2 want to do is sit on there own and b depressed.  To be honest i was a little affended.  Nxt time i wont bother.  Peace  Ness
I had the worst day in a long time today.  I guess that doesn't say much about my life right now, but lately I've just been a generally happy and cheery person.&nbsp; And today was going to be normal until this afternoon.
gerard has invaded my thoughts once more. i can't help it. his name and memories keep popping up. i miss him. i do.  f*ck.
yup im bord again and i hav gas ppl are bein pervs in the chatrooms  so yeah  c u ppl monday if i sho i dont wanna do my soldier project idk adios  fROM tHE oNE aND oNLY sTRAIGHT lOSER tHAT wILL bE lONELY fOREVER iSAIAH
last night = so many fucking regrets. i should have done something about it but i'm such an idiot for not trying. and the thing is, i don't know why i  even still like him...    =( =( =( =( i shouldn't..but i really do.
I knew it was too good. Look at yesterday's post and how I was nervous it was so well. See I had a feeling it would happen. I could just sense it.  But now it's over.
Huhuh I went to work and my boss was crying...the chick i was talking about passed away today....and man she made me cry....
Today was boring, but im talking to steph on the phone = D yay. Nothing really new, so theres not much to say about today, i watched a movie, shawn came over, and i feel like crap.
Today was intresting yes very intresting....and it was a civ day..-grins- and OMG lol....some people i knows was looking pretty damn fine -cough crystal cough..drools- LMAO.......Enough fun, Im thinking of..shorting my Computer time....alot.......Steph.just logged on me -crys- YOU KNOW I LOVE YOU STEPH, its just joking around....please come back........
schools startin to make my life hell and it just seems to keep getting worser by the day I hate this crap.
Don't tell me that the only time that we can hang out is when your other friends can't hang out.  I know when you are lying.  I am not an old pair of shoes that you can keep in the closet, only to wear when it begins to rain.
thats my heart cracking in two.  well, i knew it was never going to happen.  but... i'm sorta... heartbroken... and i really shouldn't be since there was nothing there in the first place..
My cat was put to sleep today. It's really sad. The house feels so empty now. I did get some photos of him before going to the vet. I'll probably scan some of them when I get the scanner hooked back up.   ~~1987-2001~~
The vet said that my cat will have to be put to sleep. He's got a stomach tumor and can't eat or drink anything. He's so old that there really isn't anything they can do for him. It's a tough decision but I guess it has to be made. He's lived a long and happy life though(17 years). I'll sure miss having him around.
I cant seem to do anything right today and everything seems to piss me off i try and be the perfect boyfriend but it blows up in my face and people think i am fine with things but they have no idea what i am fine with and not   I hate being someone i am not just to make someone eles happy
I'm having a sad night.  I have no idea why.  I just looked up at about 8:30 and realized that I was really sad for no reason at all.  I wanted to go to bed then, but I had 10pm practice with my scene partner.  That kind of cheered me up, but once he left I was sad again.  It really makes no sense.  I think I'm just going to go to bed and hope I wake up happier tomorrow morning.
My computer died. So now I get to work and (sometimes) play on my dad's, only I have no AIM or anything. Poo-ey. It makes me sad....  Also..I cannot download or save anything to this computer because its not mine. I am sad.  My post is short. Just like me. Wheee!!
Wow! I finally wrote in it!  Well unfortunately it's not good news. If you didn't know already I had a boyfriend for about 40 days, till yesterday. It's a long story, but I'm depressed and I love him a lot. Unfortunately he has problems with his family that I'm not allowed to say, so I don't know what to do because I want to help him, but he won't let me. What can I do?
I can't believe Logan's gone again.  Maybe he'll get it all straightened out this time, and won't have to do it again.  I have letters for a few of you, from him.  (Rachel, Jean, and Ali)  Remy? I have something to ask you.  Randomly? I really miss Jubes.
Thursday Joe slept over my house and we hung out with jackie friday and my brother hung weith us for a lil while.Thursday me and Joe went to the mall so i could look at stuff to see how is needed b4 i can place an order...lol babe.I am hoping megan gets her computer up and running today i rerally miss her i know she isn't really gone compeatly yet but still...you know.idk o well untill next time
i cant even show possesion cause im too fucking sick there are only so many times to say that ill get better,things will be better  how the hell is that supposed to happen when i keep getting sick i dont know why i have to keep going through this
Oh my GOD.   Mitch Hedberg has been one of my favorite comedians for the past few years.  I'm quite upset about this.  May he rest in comedy peace.
you say soon youll be leaving,  i can already hear the jets singing,  but lets not say good bye,  instead lets just talk with our eyes,  they say more than your mouth ever could,  i know if u could stay here then you would,  but mine scream"theres no way id rather die"  your beautiful eyes break this heart of mine
My  2 month old , 2005 Honda Civic that I love was  rear-ended  on 495 last night.&nbsp; :-( My poor car.
i think it's funny that i am the only single girl at my work and i'm the only one that got valentines day off  ha! Take that!
just when i thought things  couldnt get any worse...they did.  this week has been hell. i  hate it all right now. i wish things could go back to how they used be when we were all happy &amp; worry free. i guess those were the good ol' days when people were actually real &amp; didnt try so hard to be something they werent. if only wishes could come true then maybe id be ok.  not so much love. bea.
I have been feeling just...Awkwardly sad for about a week now. Things'll amuse me, yeah, but I'm still just...Really, really sad. I don't want to talk about why because it's a dumb, retarded fucking reason for being this depressed, so please...Don't ask me about it.  Kathryn, you know why.
from five cats to two in just one night. it just tugs at the strings to my heart. I miss those little guys already.
I walked into this vintage store. Marilyn Monroe dresses, Betty Page shoes, An old Elton John song playing on the radio. All the glamour of the past, resold To people who wish to put a pretty face on, Dance away the night, until the somber morning comes Raining futility.  My heart aches with the meaninglessness of it all.
I just found out.  Someone else I knew died.  Does anyone remember Martha, Ayers?  She was in my class.  Answers my question of where she went...Saw her when I got back from AmeriCorps, in Meijer no less.  Gosh she was a nice person.  Car accident.  Why is it that the nice ones always go?  *sigh*  "I'll see you when you get there, where ever it is we go"
Life should NOT be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in an attractive and well preserved body, but rather to skid in sideways, chocolate in one hand, glass of red wine in the other, body thoroughly used up, totally worn out and screaming ~ WOO HOO what a ride!   she's so cool.
so kat left tonight, i miss that girl already :(   "I could be a pollak." -katrina williams   sorry for freaking out, even though you shouldn't have double booked ;) see you tomorrow i guess (you know who you are)  tab, i hope you're ok
The Pope has died.  May he rest in peace and fly with the angels.  He was a good servant of God and he has rightfully earned his spot in heaven.  Enjoy the view.  While I may not be Catholic, I still respected him for he was a fellow countryman and a great leader.  See, good things can come from Poland!
One of my favorite wrestlers, John "Quake" Tenta has been diagnosed with Cancer.  He announced it on the Wrestlecrap message board.  I urge any John Tenta fan who reads this to go to the forum and post a "Get Well" message.
silverpatronus    is  missing Carnival  something awful. Give her a hug :(        Harder to Breathe  -  Maroon 5
After all ths time, i still haven't gotten used to the routine at Scott's parents' house! If i let the maid do my giftwrapping i doubt that she would think to draw the bumholes on the reindeer & the fart cloud with the word "toot" beside the snowmen!
whaaaa, i can't believe my thanksgiving vacation is already almost over, whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! i hope christmas gets here soon!
I hate to be the bearer of bad news. But my favorite stand up comedian, and the funniest man of all time, passed away from an overdose today. Mitch Hedberg will greatly be missed. And pick up his latest CD if you havent heard him. Fantastic.
a great big void has opened up.  and its so cold.  in a dark black place.  it feels so empty here.  it feels so lonely here.
Leaning over you here... cold and catatonic I catch a brief reflection of what you could and might have been
Oh My God !! I was taking&nbsp;hecka long time to figure out how to upload&nbsp;the my photos on LJ.&nbsp;&nbsp; cuz, most of my pics&nbsp;were broken.. now i&nbsp;can reupload&nbsp; again :)&nbsp; Haaaa..........
i couldnt do anything halloweenish this year. halloween is like my fav day of the year. :/ today sucked :D  other than that nothing is new.   http://www.boohbah.com/zone.html ?  but thats kinda amusing ^ ^ and cute lol!
You read it here first, probably the only place you'll read it. Clay and I have broken up. It sucks, but its for the best. We didn't really have anything in common, plus I completely rushed into the relationship after Josh and I broke up. I think that I was looking for someone to fill the void and that wasn't fair on my part. Just thought you all should know.  Xander
It looks like I'll be moving to Florida....  The head of the company wants me to move down there.  I guess I'l go for a few months, then ask to be moved back to Pittsburgh.  It will probably be a good vacation.
Hey, everyone. Raz, here.  Just posting here to let everyone know I've submitted the first of my fics to be posted at the archive to Quinn. She's gone right now...don't know when she'll be back.............but when she is, hopefully she'll finally post it.......  Anyway, it's caled Real World: Marvel.  *sigh* See ya'll around.  As Stan The Man would say...  "EXCELSIOR!"  :(RAZ:(
Dimebag Darrell dead, fucking crazy shit. Apparently some guy got up on stage, shot Dimebag and killed 3 others before being shot dead by a cop.  RIP Dimebag Darrell - My all-time favourite metal guitarist
This weekend was utterly boring and pointless. I didn't get to go to Cold Warz (gaming-nerd fest at Alerus) because I don't have a computer or any money to go so I was stuck doing absolutely nothing. Now I'm talking to Nikki on messenger and she's telling me how great it is. I want to go so baaaad. ;____;
well the party is over for me cuz i don't know anyone else, sooo i'll have my own party in my room with myself. this is sad, and now i'm sad. to thos eof you who came thank you, and to the rest who didn't i guess i really don't mean all the much to you so goodbye.
if emo was measured on a scale of one to ten... (ten being the most emo) i'd be at about an 8 right now.  i dont know why im just really irritable right now. i always get like this. ill be super happy for a long time and everything will be wonderful.  then i just get really sad about nothing. humpf.
What color is YOUR username? Take out the [] and put &lt;&gt;.  [font size=7 color=your user name]your user name[/font]   leavemestunned   Yellow..yikes.
Am v. wet and sticky!  Red wine!  Terrible!  Spike!  Please!  Get some of  this!   Also, fought with pants.  But later pants' Mistress and Spike v. cuddly on cot.  So guess like pants now?
I knew i would never stay here forever but i just didn't know the time to leave. I do now.   *packs bags*  Middle Earth, You've been nice. It was good seeing mom and co again but now most of my family has left or is going to leave here, i will too.   Goodbye!   *leaves and shuts the door*
i've got this horrible feeling that i have royally screwed things up for al and i. also, i'm sick. i hate today.
You know what's unfair?  Alanis Morissette  will perform live near where I live in a few weeks. Now, that in itself is not unfair, of course, but I don't have the money to buy a ticket (they cost more than 50 EUR, and that's without train travel costs and so on), so... I'll have to miss that. Meh. :(
the japanese people left. it was soooooo sad. but i can still e-mail them and stuff... and it won't feel as bad later. but everyone was crying so I couldn't help it. they also said they would call us. but I miss them a lot already. ='(
It's too quiet here.  Bella is asleep, and Mother and Father are walking on eggshells.  They say I'm not to go in to see her, that I'll only disturb her further.    And we're not going to France.   [Private, unlockable by no one]I don't imagine what I'm going to tell Lucius.[/Private]
My papaw died. I woke up crying because in my dream I remembered him dying all over again. Desperately tired, kind of afraid to sleep.
Yesterday was not a good day. I don't know what's the matter with a few of my friends. One swears the world revolves around them. So right now I have no idea what to do. I wish I could live in a world with no problems what so ever.
Sambhala hai maine bahut apne dil ko jubaan per tera phir bhi naam aa raha hai  jahaan raaz ko chupaaya na jaaye muhabbat mein aisa makaam aa raha hai  banayaa hai maine tujhe apna saathi rahe kis tarah phir mere hosh baaki  Nazar yun bahakne lagi hai ki jaise mere saamne koi jaam aa raha hai  Sambhala hai maine bahut apne dil ko jubaan per tera phir bhi naam aa raha hai
i got my results ......... i passed!!!!!!!!!!   i got 3 HD  and was 1 mark off a D     "only treat ppl as you wish to be treated" I think this quote is important for soem ppl to remember atm
i cant even explain how depressed ive been for the last whole week. sometimes i wish that things were like they used 2. like when we were little kids. things seemed easier and my heart could never be broken. yes me and james broke up. :(
I'm sad. Jason's been sooo busy lately. We've barely seen or talked to each other. Tonight I talked to him for a few moments while he was at work. Then he never came on tonight. I called twice and nothing. I dunno what to do. I'm patient and damn understanding...but I dont want that taken advantage of. UGH Just everything is adding up and I don't know what to do.  ::sigh::
Just heard, Xylophone Man's died...  He's a dude in Nottingham who sits busking with a kid's xylophone. He's been doing it since I was about 12, very sad. He was always chuffed if someone gave him something, even just a few coppers. Always wondered what his story was, guess I'll never know now... He'd actually got quite good considering he only had about 10 notes to play with too!   RIP dude!
Help me i just failed my chem test..i dono what im gonna do. I think i might ddrop the class because JCC doesnt take that class anyway. What should i do? HELP ME
Life sucks lately. I mean, I feel so lonely, and just all in all crappy. Sure I get happy once in a while, which is more to say than I used to be.  I just don't want to be lonely anymore.
so i'm home. i normally miss home a lot when i'm gone. but i really don't want to be here at all. i got off the plane and it's freezing and we're getting like 5-6 inches of snow and some freezing rain apparently. it sucks. but it's not exactly the heat that i miss.  i don't want to go to bed alone tonight. and i don't want to wake up alone. at all. i feel rather helpless.
Still crying from the movie (I found out the name: Kal Ho Naa Ho). Tissue donations will be greatly appreciated.
Okay... my blog is now officially closed...   ...It's caused enough damage for one lifetime. From now on I'm keeping my thoughts in my head where they can't get out and hurt anyone, including me...
Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash.  Leonard Cohen   listening to cohen and thinking very sad thoughts. but at least im thinking, right?
http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=s tory&cid=570&ncid=570&e=2&u=/nm/20041130/sc_nm/australia_whales_dc    sad...
why doesn't anyone want me? mommy yelled at me last night because if she didn't have me she could live anywhere she wanted. I'm almost too sad to even think about food! I know she loves me too much to get rid of me though, for anything. but if I ever meet that owner I will pee on her foot! grrrrrrr
Yesterday I had a bad surprise as I looked into one of my two terras: one of my four african dwarf mice died of unknown reasons.
1 week and 1 day before I return home.  4 days before I leave for Paris, Brussels, and Amsterdam.  3 days before my bros come out.  2 days left in london.   So sad. Why does my dream have to end?
so i'm out of my apartment.  hasn't completely sunk in yet. it will really upset me if i think about how much i'll miss that place.  for the meantime i spend most nights at the house in casselberry - it's nice that it's close to work.
You know what's annoying? When people draw attention to your failures, and then make fun of you for it. Its even worse when its a grand, spectacular failure which really bothers the person who is failing.
im so tired right now i realy dont wanna go to work.  i had to stop taking these pills i was on cause they make me realy tired and i cant consentrate at all.  i have to fight falling asleep all day.  i still feel kinda sick hope shanes does well in his play. val and michelle too &lt;3 im too angry at myself to feel good so i hope everyone else has a good day.
Today the world has lost a friend, a mentor & a man of peace. Pope John Paul II was respected & loved by people of many countries & faiths. As a young man, he fought the Nazis, as Pope he fought the bonds of communism. He was a beacon of light & peace in a world full of war, greed & hate. He was the peoples' Pope & will sorely be missed. God Bless Pope John Paul II. ~Darthy~
Nate is coming down from NY to drive me down to the Cape tomorrow.  Now that there isn't a hell of a lot left that I can do, I'm just kinda numb.  I know I did the best I could.  But this still sucks.  I'll write again at some point.
A friend is opening her new club next Saturday, May 22nd! The details:  Lila's 2220 NW Market (in Ballard) Doors open at 9pm, Saturday May 22nd Cover is only $5  I'll head up there from my house at around 9pm, let me know if you'd like to carpool.  (I'm sad I can't make a friend's BBQ that night, admittedly for other reasons...) :-(
Well despite having a really nice dinner tonight, feeling sad as its the 6th Anniversary of mum dying. It appears everyone forgot who should have remembered but never the matter. I cant believe its been 6 years... April 30th 1996...  Not quite sure what to do with myself - cant sleep and just feel blah Its cold in here so i wont be up for long.
I've asked Lilith to put Will up for adoption.  *sigh*  He's never really spoken to me the way the others do, and I'm sure he'll be happier with someone else.  Now I just need to get the other two up to date, if I can wake them up :)
Finally saw Hero tonight.  Broken Sword is my new hero for so many reasons I can't begin to express.  In the meantime...  The Great Lenny will be missed, sorely.
all i want to do is get into bed for the rest of the day and sleep. and maybe cry a little, too.  but i'll go to work anyways.  and i'll be okay.
I... um... didn't know him. At all. But... It's hard when someone close is gone, and you don't know why. So... I'm sorry. For that.
I wish I could see the Mars this month. But there is no observatorium in this town    :( Only for closed societies. Well, searching goes on....      "Mars is an interesting place to be.  Many people make it a race to travel and see."
Tomorrow I have to go to school again.. After a 3 month break it is gonna be a bit hard to get used to the studying again.. This year is gonna be terror, I know it. Last year. If all goes well, I'll have my law degree in june. Yay me.
finished class, and went home..  incredibly ambivalent yet pissed off... i really feel very little respect for my dad, and i have to force myself to not show it bc he is worthy of it in many ways. Just not the ones i admire, and thus the struggle.
I did it.  I quit the Light Brigade and joined the Super Group of my friend Exiled Halo.  It was a lot harder than I thought it'd be.
It's been more than a month since I saw Sweet Pea.  Almost that long for Pantheon.  I mostly hear from Gung by note these days: "Pick up a gallon of milk ... and a nuclear fratmitz."  Even Dark has been gone for more than a week.   And it's been almost that long since I saw Lady.   Where did they go?  I miss my friends.   Especially Lady.
please leave a comment if you read my LJ  edit: later on same day (2003-09-13 @ 7:02 pm) I added:   Trying to think happy thoughts like thinking of sweetie and looking at   (if animated gif of group hug doesn't appear .. it was at  http://www.frugalbride.com/ubb/graemlin s/grouphug.gif  ) ]
ONE MORE DAY AND HE IS GONE FOR A YEAR....:-(  I pray that god will watch over him and bring him home soon.
RIP John Peel  Just received an email from Si Jones to say that John Peel died late last night while he was on holiday in Peru. I feel saddened by the news as he was one of those British radio institutions that you think will be around for ever
Maybe playing excessively violent games over an extended period of time does dehumanize a person to some extent.  Frill.     Bee Massacre Video  When it comes down to it, those are civilians and soliders dying for their home. As a VA nurse, it's my duty to patch those guys up.   I don't understand how anyone can watch something like that and not be utterly revolted.   ;_;
It has been named after Sri. Rajiv Gandhi, I don't know what Rajiv Gandhi did for Andhra Pradesh? IMHO, it should be named after Sri. NTR or at-least Sri. P. V. Narasimha Rao.  X-posted in       telugus   .
Oscar, my 18 (?the fish was supposed to be 13 when JA gave it to me almost 5 years ago...) year old silver dollar, is passing from his current fishy mortal coil.  Currently upended but still kicking, he'll surely be gone by morning.   Damn.  Harleydog, please let JA know. I hope it's from old age, but I don't know how long they are supposed to live. I know it's only a fish, but damn I'm sad.
I've only watched the  special features  on Disc 6 of S5 Angel, and my eyes are leaking, how pathetic is that - I really do miss my shows.&nbsp; Tomorrow I think I might start an attempt at a serious essay delving into why  Buffy  and  Angel 'hooked' me,  because I think I  really  need to write it, if only for me.
My mother put her down the day after I saw my kitty (and lj posted) while I was in transit on the boat and couldn't be reached.
"It should involve homesickness, and loneliness, and cold, and hunger, and fear, and utter despair."    Outside the restaurant today, we heard a kitten mewling in the bushes.  We spent 2 hours trying to coax the thing out, but it wouldn't come.  We finally had to leave.  Otherwise, things are going well.
Not a nickname.  Not a nice one anyway.  Not one I like or want to stick.  I don't mean to snicker, really.  I am nice and sweet.  Please stop calling me Snickers.  My name is Molly.  Thank you,  --p.m.  xoxo
A sad day today.  Pope John Paul II had passed away.  May his soul rest eternaly in peace and may he enter the kingdom of God in good graces.
listening to eighties music is making me sad . . .  "And We Danced" by The Hooters made me burst out crying . . .  the eighties . . .  a very emotional decade for me and karen . . .  i moved to new haven,connecticut in december 1979 . . .
Juan's mum just passed away.  It is so horrible.  He would leave to see her tomorrow and now he didn't have the chance to say goodbye.  I really feel so bad for him.  He is devastated.  Please pray for his mum.
I'm angry. I'M ANGRY! Just today I knew that next Monday my BESTFRIEND will get marry with his girlfriend but..he hasn't told it to anyone! So..I can't understand. I have to suppose two case: 1)He doesn't care at all about us (his friends) 2)He doesn't care at all his marriage.  I'm angry, I'm terribly angry and sad.  I bought  Real .  Takehiko Inoue  is my favourite mangaka.
Post something anonymously.  Anything. a story, a secret, a confession, a fear, a love, ANYTHING.  Be sure to post anonymously and honestly. Post more than once, if you'd like. I don't care if you post ninety times. Then, put this in your LJ to see what your friends (and perhaps others who you don't even realize read your LJ) have to say.
if anyone is or was actually interested in being my friend, comment here to be re-added or added. bye
My best friend at work was fired today. I am unaware of a reason. He has a wife and 2 girls to support. I am extremely sad and morose :(  I hope the company reconsiders this move.
We have some very sad news today.  Birch had gone to see if Auntie Francis could make her better.  Auntie Francis decided it would be better for her to go and live with Bramble and Damson at the rainbow bridge.  Run free little one  Hawthorn, Blueberry, Elderberry, Hazel, Hop, Nettle, Mayflower, Logenberry, Tayberry, Blackberry, Blackthorn, Teasel, Cowslip, Bittersweet and Henbane.
One of my friends is leaving Alaska on Monday.  I'll miss him.  I don't even know where he's going.  But I know it's not goodbye forever.  I'll meet him again.......Wow, I didn't know I could write something like that.  Well, today was OK, Went to my grandma's house, ate a few burgers, played on an ancient video game console.  Nothing new.
*looks at the time*  Oh God, I really have to cut down on my fic reading time.  Im serious, no more fic for me, for a week and a half.   *cries* *clings to Eljay*        nohwrah    if I dont hear from you, good luck with your exam tomorrow!  ETA In order to get something done today, Ive decided to  not  go to see a movie with my friends. Lemony Snickets is only at 5pm anyways.
fuck. suspended for a day. i STILL can't stop crying. i know i know.  its not THAT bad. still not helping me any
I'll miss his introductions to new bands/artists I wouldn't have known or thought about.   His gentle way was such a contrast to the brash music journalists and broadcasters that seem to populate the programming these days.   Rest in peace John.   My thoughts are with your family.
Fuck. Worst day in a  long  time. Everyone is sad and I cannot help them. I want to help. I think my helping only makes things worse. Actually, I know it does. I should leave everyone alone.  *starts digging hole*   ..I'm sad too, but that's secondary.
Well today could be worse I suppose...  Thoughts and prayers are with you, little Liz :-(  I hate the army :-(
Alexis wasn't feeling well yesterday so I went over to her house to try and help her sleep.  I have a feeling she didn't sleep too well, but I hoped it helped.  I chilled in her living room for about an hour then I think I dozed off too...I wish I knew what was wrong.  I don't think I could help but I just worry so much.
Listening to the music and I just happened to blow my nose at the same time.  I feel summer.  I remember tears, crying, those long weeks, and that same music.
heaps of my friends are arguing and angry with eachother, i hope it all stops soon, it's making me feel stressed and sad all the time, i'm no good at sticking up for anyone in an argument, but i want to, so i feel so useless :(
Their are 3 ways out of Iowa they are first second and third and Dean Kerry and Edward have errand their way out dean did not get first are second but he did good now to New Hampshire
so it turns out that to restart me, all alice had to do was press the center button and menu. but i ran out of energy soon after i started working again because of hte freeze and the stress that caused, so it wasnt much use anyway.  i think she doesnt love me any more.
Student's rampage leaves 10 dead.  Subheading: Witness describes gunman grinning, waving.  I don't understand.  I'm sure I never will.  *sigh*
Across the country, your last rites are being given to you by the priest we've known for years.  And my heart is saying goodbye, saying i love you, saying thank you, thank you, thank you -- for you, for the life you've brought forth, for this time you've shared.  nothing will ever be the same. and thank God for that.  i love you, Papa.  love,  erin*eliz
hi people..whats up? im alright..im kinda lonely..but oh well who cares..lol well today was boring i was off BUT it was boring..and and 8 mile #1 movie!!!!!! yay!!!!! so happy ok well ima go school is tomorrow and i dont wanna go..oh well ok gtg bye y'all :)   I may be sad, but hey happiness is the key to success...
©    What's your Inner Goddess Color??  © Jen    hola..whats up?..school has started..going on 4rth week..and it's been hectic..but im surviving so far..lol well ima go..adios..         Stalk  bunnywunny_~!
It's been awhile, but here are some new icons. Comment and credit please. I can customize if you would like.  Teasers: 1.    2.        3.    4.     5.    6.     *all lyrics are from Blank Page by Smashing Pumpkins
I had a date today but I called off. I don't feel like seeing ppl now. Besides, I hardly knew the guy. Theres  a guy I've been wanting to date for a while and I havent dated with him too.
hunter s. thompson is dead.  he killed himself.  holy crap.  i am so not okay with that.  i think i need to go pour out a forty in front of circus-circus.
Finally watched ELF. I rented it from Blockbuster almost 2 weeks ago. The movie was cute but I'm not sure Will Ferrell is going to be worth the late fees. I suck at returning movies on a timely basis.    Every Christmas movie is making me cry like a weepy baby. I like fake TV Christmas so much better than real life Christmas.
This trailer made me weep like a little weepy baby. It's official. I'm a mess.   It's not just me right?
R.I.P. Andre Norton   I'm feeling very nostalgic now about finding that shelf of  Witch World  books in the YA section of the public library back home...
I been bummed all day, and nobody seems to get why.   Johnny Carson passed away.   I grew up watchin' Johnny.  And he's not here anymore.   That kinda makes me sad.  That's all.
www.deathclock.com  I knew it.  Pat and I are not going to make it to our 50th Anniversary.  It said that I will die on 8/24/62 and he will die on 8/06/48.  That's 14 years of being alone.  How depressing.
I wish I had a way to tell you           The rising sun will lead me to you         No one is left but us two
Lonely, bored, nearly broke... haven't done anything this weekend, except clean my room... gotta go back to work tomorrow. I'm up to 40 hours a week now.  DAMN.
Will was one of those great men who had stories to tell and would let nothing stop him. He was a man I always wanted to meet, and now never will. Without him, there would be no sequential art, nothing in comics beyond the mediocre rehashed superhero crap. He was a real artist, a man worthy of calling a hero.  We'll never forget you Will, rest in peace.
To any of the Spanish who made monkey noises at the English black soccer players tonight, your fucking disgusting!!!  That is all...
I'm watching the show 8 Simple Rules the one with John Ritter. Its an hour long special and in that episode the character paul has a heart attack or something while he's out getting milk. its so sad i am in tears.
Este entrada es completamente en español.  ¡Voy!  Este es un paso primero importante escribir mi historia de español.  ^^ No diagrama todavía... -.-;;  Yo no hablo español bien... el es que yo escribiendo este.  Yo quiero mejorar mi habilidades de español.  Y si, yo tengo usar un traductor en línea... *encuego*  Adios!
1st day 017 blurr rran chriswings fcuk light me .mag chrissy-sy on a cell at the lake 2 untitled me me stz stz2 chrissy  i'll kill you. i swear i will.  i dont like it.
I thought I would be quite indifferent about the death of the Pope since I don't practice Catholicism anymore.&nbsp; Who knew it would make me sad.&nbsp; I guess the church had more impact upon the person I am more than I thought.
I am SUCH a silly girl.  Know why?  Because only fools fall in love.  And only fools hurt this way.  Over something stupid.  Fuck Fuck Ah Mutherfucker.  Lyndz.
aside from a long tiring week of work and school, im kind of sad and i dont really know what to think right now. i am like just blanking out...not really thinking. :(
I know I did the right thing. But how do I know?  I used to think of big, meaningful words when I thought of him.  I feel like I shouldn't have given up that safety.  He was safe, if he wasn't right.
so, i'm sitting here in OS, chatting with rhett, who just got back from Walmart... he tells me that world of warcraft was released today.  which i  knew , of course.  i mean, it's november 23rd.  *sigh*  and i was planning to get soooo much done this weekend, too...
About two days ago, I bought a copy of "Grave of the Fireflies".     Today, I finally sat down to watch it. Eleven years after I last saw it, the movie still has the same effect.   In all it's tragedy, it is such a beautiful film.
and though you'll grow away no matter how you change, I'll know you. And when you tire of life alone, there will always be one sure way back home...  You just turn on the quiet, and you close your eyes and listen inside.
Hunter S. Thompson dies   After the spate of musicians last year, I'm not sure we can afford the cultural drain if writers also go in threes...
So.. I finally got to come home!  And I finally got my hug from my mom.  All Iv'e wanted since Sunday was some time alone.. and last night I got that.. and I didn't want it!    Funny how things work out, huh?
Aunt Brenda Died on wensday.. we knew it was gunna happen since she had cancer.. but i still feel bad.. sunday is the wake.. :( REST IN PEACE AUNT BRENDA!
this is a very very very sad day...    http://www.mtv.com/news/articles/149935 2/20050331/hedberg_mitch.jhtml?headlines=t rue
Nine Inch Nails, in Toronto May 9th-10th. How many years have I waited for this, and how impossible will it be for me to go. I am very sad.  Dear Trent Reznor: why couldn't you come sometime in April maybe?
My worst nightmare has become a reality. Blink "broke up". Technically, it's only a separation and not a divorce...as shimo would say. I feel like crap all day and then I hear that...fuckin sweet.     Cross your fingers for the best in the future. Long live blink.
I. Am so retarded.  Do you know what I did?  I FORGOT TO TAKE ID TO THE FREAKING SAT TESTING SITE.  Feel free to laugh it up.
... never try to re-read and summarize "The Cold Equations" when you're already feeling sad and scared and blue.
Maybe I forgot to mention, with the muffins option in the last post, that I am a cooking MORON.  Tell me, all-knowing wonderful smart friendslist, how exactly do I fold something into the batter?  ...I already tried googling it.   Aha,  found .  I am leaving this post here for proof of my idiocy.  *concerned*  That is awfully complicated.
I haven't been here in a while.  I'm sorry.  I miss you and I miss it here.  The date is set:  October 14, 2006 I'm getting married.  EEK!!!  That's all I have to say.  I need to cook for Jeff and my brother now.    More to come, I hope.  Maybe.
Not only did our school fail to cancel or delay, but the guy who played Mola Ram in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom just died.
a bird just smacked into my window hard enough that it left behind some feathers stuck to it...i dunno if it flew away or plummeted to the ground because i can't see the ground close to the side of the building...i'm up 3 floors...
Last night I went to Kirsten's. It was one of the best nights in awhile. Jess, Car, Erica, Jo, &Meg were there,  Brad, Kyle & Pat even hung out with us.        What Thursday Song Are You? [Updated Images]      brought to you by  Quizilla
About an hour ago I had a phone call from my dad.  At 2.45 this morning my grandfather died.  He'd been very sick after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 4 years ago.
Well, everyone, I'm officially on the move!  I just got to Yuba City, CA (by Sac) and I'm just chilling while my friend's at school.  Tomorrow starts the long haul (5 days) till I get to North Carolina.  Woohoo!  So far so good....though there was massive crying from saying goodbye to friends and family.  :(
Posted a fic at       lunar_fics    and also at my Fic-LJ       soavefanciulla   ; it's rather depressing, but at least the next two I'll be posting should be happy ones.  Should be worrying about baking cookies, but...  Here is  Dance with Me
Johnny Carson is dead.  Thanks,       pickmansraven   , for that news flash.  I don't read the paper or watch the television, so I pretty much have to get my news from LJ.  Wow.
So once again i cant go out,   Orlando is closing down, my mom just called me and told me that the roads that i take are closing. also mel called me, and said at 3 the roads over there are going to be closed in orlando.   so even if i left now!  i couldnt make it to orlando.  so maybe tomorrow i will get to see every one.   im not even pissed  i am just really sad..
Pope John Paul II, a great man, has died today.   1920 - 2005  He'll be missed. May he rest in peace.
I talked to my parents today. They broke some horrible news to me. My cat Liesel died. She was 12 years old. I'll really miss her. She was my only friend growing up because she didn't notice my blue fur and prehensile tail. I know she had gotten sick shortly after I had left home but I didn't think it was this bad.
Does heartache make you stronger?  Heartache can make you desperate and, for this, more dangerous, but stronger? Never. Maybe this is different for Men, but we elves can die from true heartache, and even those who survive  are very different afterwards. I’ve seen such elves and felt their fea, felt how dimmed they are, almost broken. Such a thing cannot make one stronger.
I just kinda wanna curl up and wedge myself into a small spot and never have to leave or deal with anything ever.
sad.  so sad.  9 1/2 hours remain.  who knew i'd be this sad.  on another note, it really feels like the start of the weekend.  and it just turned friday. wowzers!
Last year during the begining of track we had a&nbsp;bottle drive. We got up early at about 7 a.m. and we all met at the school.. Mr. Wiley gave us donuts and orange juice..then Alie, Jenny, Rachel Coppens and I all headed out to find sum pop cans/bottles...On our Journey, Alie and RAchel were together and Jenny and I were together..
i'm listening to the sounds of them taring the houses down. there is only four more until they get to mine. this is an awful day.
I am at home now.  I'm relieved that Schavio died, because now, maybe there will be actual news...  Although, I know the conservatives are going to beat this to hell.  I also lost a family member. And may be on the brink of losing another. Ugh.
This stinks. Kathy is grounded from the phone 4 a week.   Me and tony an johny had fun 2day. We're filming something like the show jackass.  My name in the show is, jack green. 2day we did stupid stunts and asked people if they had "the package" lol.
Ok, it's time to update my journal since it's been a week. Ok, today I am not feeling very well. I don't know why but I am feeling a little bit sad and I have no idea why it happens to me sometimes. It's not because of coffee effect since I didn't drink one today. So yeah, I am feeling sad for nothing.
Well the waiting on one thing is over. That mystery job that I didn't want to mention was an office manager at Klein Lewis Productions (that's Avi Lewis and Naomi Klein's film production company). I didn't think I had a super great shot but nonetheless it was nice to dream.   One down, two more to go....
I have just heard from my sister that my nephew (Murray) has got cancer. He his having a mole removed on Thursday. He will then start with Chemo. I will ring my brother tomorrow to get more info. It has sort of topped my day off. I woke up this morning feeling that I have let a friend down. I just felt that I didn't support her well enough.
You're just a face in the crowd, A tiny hole in a cloud. You're trying to find your way in, To let the sun shine back out.
Let's talk about my life.  Too lazy  1. I got a new computer. it's beautiful  2. I asked max to prom  3. I am excited for that (and i think he is too)  4. CABARET! COME SEE IT!!!!!! (Wednesday at 3:30, thu-sat 8)  I will talk more.
I guess I'm just generally unhappy. there is a lot i could talk about now. But i'm just sad. for no reason. but i have no reason not to be.   I might get a new computer because mine is a piece of shit.  i need to eat food.  Please call me tonight. i feel kind of alone.
Pepe ran away today. He's been gone since 2pm. My dad left the door open and he ran out. I hope he comes back.
Now it's time for the asshole awards:  People who win hands down:  Kelso because he is.  Ryan ibid.  Tracy (Just for you Di)  My Parents  Care to join them?
So Spring break 2005. . . not too exciting, but eh. . . it's what happens when you get to college.&nbsp; Your parents don't pay for those sweet vacations.
I have 29 emails in my inbox.  I haven't seen that number that low since April.  I just deleted 7 months of my life.  I'm kinda sad.
im not yet sleepy!but i havent accomplished anything big yet! havent started with ana lec! only c53 notes ln nagawa ko!!! waaahhh!!! n hirap naman nito!!!   it's gonna be a lonely lonely lonely lonely day  rainy days and mondays always gets me down
so here i am, turning in early at the expense of my english paper.  it'll get done--i think.  daaamn.  8 coherent pages in two days?  it could happen.  I could happen.  I can't run from the best thing that's ever happened to me, can I?
This guy was damn funny.  Think the stoner in your high school that made you get in trouble for laughing in class.  What a pity...  Check out some of his lines  here  or better yet, pick up  Mitch All Together  and watch the dvd that comes with it.
Happy birthday to you Happy birthday to you Happy birthday dear       luinthoron    Happy birthday to you  Seems like we're now not able to make it to your birthday after all :(
Despite all my past grief with Catholicism (and I can say that, being Catholic), I really am sorry that the Pope is dying. It really does make me so sad. I might go to church tomorrow. Does anyone know when the services are at St. Stephen's? Anyone want to go with me?
It's so sad.  Yesterday, my friend's dog got run over and died.  He was such a sweetie.  A pomeranian sheltie mix.  He was so smart and just lovable.  I am really going to miss him.  Goodbye, Buddy.  We'll all miss you.  I only wish I had a picture of you to show everyone, so they could know how cute you were.
Does anyone else think that its physically probably or possible for a person to do exactly the wrong thing  EVERY  time? To do or say the wrong thing on every single occasion? Surely if you calculate the odds they must be able to do something right at least once? Right?.....
i had a long talk with adam tonight after work.. in the nice windy cold air.. maybe i'll write about it later on tonight.
I'm sad.  But I don't want to talk about, nor should I anyway.  I just felt like writing that I am sad.
I started thinking about you five minutes ago. I realized all over again that I miss talking to you. Now my mind is burning and I want to call you so bad. But I won't. I don't want to wake you up. Not like you'd answer anyways.
so, i broke my computer, not really sure how, lets just blame my brother.  anyways, it's fixed now, but i have lost EVERYTHING!!! not that i had anything important on it, i just miss my bookmarks and stuff.  that's all.  feel bad for me. mehhhhhh!!!! ~__~
*sigh* omg i'm so sad....mitch hedberg passed away march 30th and what's worse, i can't find my CD of his *sniff*. he most likely died of drug overdose, that's still very very sad. Mitch we will all love you "allencompassingly, so yeah".   other than that nothing much happened, the pope died, and i did my homework.
he is mad at me for caring.  this is getting too hard.  too stressful.  i wish i actually had someone righ tnow.  because i don't  and it's not fair  it's not fiar for him.  and i don't think it's fair that he's mad at me.   this time of the year is soo hard.    i'm so sorry ryan. please stop being mad at me........
the door is open but i cant get in i wasnt invited anyways  you come over  to bathe or something fresh  and my morning is fresh too like your mouth  and your sweat and all the lines that lead me  back here. i serve you but i cant compare  so i sit and write and hope someday  i will be able to   finish  what i started.
I hate that I do this all the time.    I'm the one who gets treated like shit, and yet I feel like the asshole in the morning.  I don't understand how this works.    I want to go back to sleep and wake up tomorrow.
I'm trying to fight off depression, but it's a sneaky bastard.  I find myself sleeping more and more, feeling lethargic and unmotivated, and crying at stupid shit.  Things better happen soon.
*sigh * yeah as a Christian, I don't think I have ever had to defend my faith this much in such a short time period.  Just all weekend, I've been pounded away at over and over.  I know its because satan wants me not to share the light and fill my mind with doubt... I cried on the way home pondering all of that, just saddened for the lost... *sigh*
Pope John Paul II 1920-2005   I may not have agreed with everything he stood for, but he did do a lot of good in this world, and was a major player in the quest to heal religious schisms. I know he's in a better place now. :(
Sad news.  Dennis has a niece who tried to commit suicide a few days ago. She is in the hospital in a coma and although she has opened her eyes and is breathing without a machine, she is not responding to anyone yet. This is always a hard situation and it is in God's hands.  Your prayers for Gwen would be appreciated. Colleen
so lazy jerk scott (not really) isn't going because he doesn't feel like snowboarding. hellllllllllo, mammoth? and if not for snowboarding, just to hang out with a few friends. oh well, his loss. as long as he does some bass while i'm gone i'll be happy, but I'm still sad he's not going. I really really wanted him to go :(
so it hit me. we've been packing all day, alexis just left, and my mom said, "don't worry, you 2 will both have fun," the knot started forming, and it was all over. i think a gallon was let out. so we're actually leaving. it's like the whole time i didn't actually think it was going to happen, and now it is. she means so much to me it's unreal. i can't believe how lucky i am.
Dad wants to send me away. I heard him say so to Adam one the phone.  Should known it was too much to hope for that dad and  mom  Claire would want me around.   It's my fault they fight all the time.     I don't even think Claire really loves me anymore. I guess having a kid is too hard.
The headline says it all from  http://www.boston.com   Red Sox rally in ninth, then promptly blow it  Jason Varitek homered off Mariano Rivera in the ninth inning today to tie the score, but Keith Foulke gave up a homer to Derek Jeter in the bottom if the inning as the Sox fell to 0-2.  Ugh.
Just a question, why does no one comment on my journal?!  It used to be a new comment from everybody every time I posted.  Now, nothing.  What's going on people?
Yesterday was by far the worst day at work ever.  I came within seconds of walking out and quitting. I hope today is 200% better.
i might not be able to do STARS in the fall..... i hope i can work out my scheduling at work so im able to do it.  how hard can it be to work around.. STARS is only the first and third Tuesday of the month..starting in September.  i reeeallly want to keep doing STARS....*sigh* i guess we will have to see..
I step and fall Sit in wonder of it all Why so much in so little time Sick and tired ~ Lost and lonely Once again I step and fall Just to sit in wonder of it all   I need to run and wish to hide Why am I falling from the sky
I never post anymore. School is tomorrow. You are all my friends, except DJ2soac, I dont like you.  kthxbye~!
Haiku by angel_lite           is funny really my boy and i have only spent one night apart         Username:         Haiku!  by  Hutta .
It is only 10:33pm. My mom and me were going to go out to dinner but all we seem to do is cry and then sometimes we laugh. It is an extremely hard night. It is so unreal.
i am suffering from lack of confidence... elkei kinda said this joke and usually i dont take it to heart but it was real harsh...and FAY was really mean to me and even though she was joking..."there is truth to every joke"...so i am alil down   ...ick...i am just going to try and sleep it off so i feel better...cause i am feelin like shit...I HAVE NO FRIENDS!!!  ...tear  I am out  ADIOS
I think I need to get drunk tonight, but can't convince myself to leave the house. I have two invites. It's pretty sad actually.
just spent the day with my neice and nephew. i am going miss out on so much.  why is life always so bitter sweet?
almost every time i finish a good book i fight back tears. sometimes i let them fly. i hope someday, to do this to someone else, with something i create.  what have you read latly?
Today I had my ass handed to me.  It was repeated and prolific.  Unyeilding.  I will forever remind myself from now on that I can and must and will do better for me and the others around me.  "It could be worse"(thanks Jai)    They certainly could.  I feel ashamed of myself.  I feel sickened.    Insperational really.  Depressing and Inspirational.
sigh...  today did not bring bubble tea...  all it brought was a sick       msservalan     and trying to learn the very very boring and dry subject that is accounting...    maybe tomorrow will bring bubble tea! i can always hope......
Well, soccer season is over for me...now that i can finally play again. thats kinda a poop.  but the tryouts for the school team are tomorrow, but im still convinced the coach hates me. i dont really know y im writing this....o ya. i remember. cause i cant move cause of all my sore muscles and im stuck here in this chair with a bunch of ice packs. it feels kinda funny :)
Church worship band auditions are this sunday. IM SO EXCITED!!!!! The only problem is now i have to decied what song to try out with :-/
Well, Magenta's on a deathwatch.  Apparently that rusty gunk stuff is all through the engine and they'd have to take it apart in order to fix it...which starting  labour  ran around $1400.  That's about the worth of the truck!  I don't see her making a recovery...   Edit:  Must...find...something...cheerful...ah,  a Zombie survival quiz - thanks Dale for the training!
Merry Christmas!  Much love to all of you.  and on a sadder note, who gets sad and cries on christmas eve and christmas? me. its like my loneliness has increased times ten. i hate it. i just want someone to cuddle with :-(
[OOC: the usual: I don't have the time to devote to Harrison that I should. If you want him and will play him maturely and intelligently, please let me know -- comment here or email to harrisonford@moose-mail.com  I will continue to play him until I find the right player to take him over. No storylines, but plenty of friends and potential]
"What are you going to do today, Napoleon?"  "Whatever I  feel  like doing.  GOD. "    **Edit: Apparently the image tag is being uncool, so if you can't see it here, try  here .       Ack! School tomorrow! How utterly awful.
how did i become such a fucking asshole? i really fucking hate myself right now and i want to die so instead of killing myself i am going to try to get a job and go to therapist and just  get through the fucking da6y  nl;anio;zdvnio ;sdvn [io'anv 'dnio 'hio ' m,  kl
I couldn't believe what I saw, but here it is,     http://dpsinfo.com/dps/index.html#t op    I remember hurrying home from work to watch Tiny Tim and "Miss" Vicky get married.  He always got people to feel relaxed, no matter what the state of the union or and world. He will be greatly missed.
I really shouldn't watch movies like Closer. they depress me and make me get strange ideas about how life should be.   physics exam is over. want to know what i got. James bought me a cookie to make me feel better...so sweet. we were just walking after Latin and he goes "so i got you a cookie." mmm cookies.  so much homework piled up i have to do now...
WE KILLED PATRICK.....    ok so patrick is the hermit crab in our class, but we killed him :`(   sadness all around...
My grandmother just passed away today i don't know what  to do with myself.....  i need my friends :-[   -Kate
I just made the announcement about shutting down the MUX.  ... there's really not much more to say than that.
...Jeff was actually a store mannequin, but thanks to a plaid hat and a little magic from the wizard Waldo the Magnificent, Jeff came to life. Once the store was shut for the night, one of Jeff?s store friends would say the magic words, Hocus Pocus Alamagocus, and as long as the hat was on his head, Jeff could sing and dance with the best of them
As of 9 p.m. tonight, one of the babies has been adopted by the nice manager girl that works at the Subway I always go to.  I sent him home with her in a small box along with a weeks supply of kitten food.  My babies are leaving the nest!!!
A girl who used to post on PASS all the time killed herself last night.&nbsp; =(&nbsp; I didn't even really know her, b/c she was ana and I mostly post on the mia or ED-NOS threads, but it just scares me...we're all so fragile.&nbsp; It's so scary to me...I dunno.&nbsp; =*(
I just realized that in that entire post I didn't mention once that I couldn't see Steve from where I was standing :( *bad me*  I don't wanna wait forever to see em again *cries*
Well I just called my dad to tell him about applying for graduation..and I found out that my Uncle Bobby died today.  We all knew he was on his way out..he'd been sick for a long time..but still...we'll miss him.
When the boy who sat in front of you for years in church dies, you wake up hurting in weird places, like your hipbone. He smiled at me and his hands were warm and I always believed him.  They all blurred together, those boys. How do I know if I'm even greiving the right one.  "Maybe I'll marry him," I told Jessica. "You can't do that." "Why not?" "Because maybe I want to marry him."
I'm having the worst week, and it mainly has to do with fighting with a particular friend. I hate fighting. I am not a dramatic person, so I usually don't see the point in fighting. Nor do I take myself too seriously to really bother staying upset even if you have pissed me off. Some people just can't live without a little bit of drama.   Fighting takes up too much energy.
I need to learn more. To learn abt life, to learn abt pple, to learn how to improve myself.   I want to learn drawing. Clammie, let's go learn drawing together, ok?
By the way, I got 4 calls last night about half 12 from a with held number, I didn't answer cuz I was half asleep and confused and plus I can't really talk on the phone in the middle of the night without waking everyone up. If anyone knows who it was could they let me know please?
i can't believe philiadelphia is over.    i, too, am in denial.     p.s. i'm in denial about going back to school. and the math test.
hey me again. i keep giving my dog baths killing fleas getting rid of the aful smell.the next day pretty much twice as much fleas smells aful and shes loosing hair(shes been doing that).but the bad thing is ihave to get RID OF HER i feel so aful!i hate it but shes better to go than be here.anyway always up for a talk ifanyone wantsto talk. be back tommarow! celticwarrior/James
i just really really wish that for once someone could prove what i know is right wrong and make me feel worthwhile
I've always thought of myself as a pretty romantic guy.  Well, apparently I found out I'm not.  So much for that.
ahhh its been a bad week, very sucky. Had some bad news and stuff, ahhh my dads fault anyway, he just doesnt seem to care. its annoying. errrrm getting an an acoustic bass for my birthday I think! :) and seeing dave gorman.  yeeeeaaaaahhhhh
Yeah. I'm going to Hell. What's the point, why do I even fucking bother? Maybe next time I'll have them fly the plane up my ass.
i really miss tour, and i really miss being small enough to fit between my parents in their bed when i got scared or sad.  th emore i listen to once on this island the sadder i get. im actually getting really sad for ti moune, how weird is that.  i think im just on breakdown mode.  i miss being a little kid  and i miss being the small girl my parents lived for  and i am just kinda sad.
Well on Friday night a close family member/friend died. It was very depressing. It seems like so many horrible things have been happening lately.   Tomorrow I am only going to school for a half a day because I am going to a funeral. After the funeral we are going back to one of my moms friends house.  It looks like tomorrow is going to be a bad day.... I'm not looking forward to it AT ALL!
yeah. i obviously deleted that entry. i guess i shouldnt have even written it in the first place. FUCK! i guess i need a new guy or something. someone whos just completely amazing. lately i havnt met anybody like that. or that could compare. FUCK! whatever. why did i wait so long when i knew it would lead to nothing? it doesnt even matter.
jon called. wow. i dont know what to think about jon anymore. and i cant even talk about it. shit. all i know is that... im heart broken.
I lost my friend this week to one of those OLD LADY 87 drivers Tim was only 34 and was married for only 1 year Don & I are so sad we loved Tim as if he was one of ours. If I get to old to drive I'll stop I won't wait to kill someone. And she don't even knows she killed  Tim  Stop driveing you old lady.
I'm working on my stupid final speech. I can't concentrate at all. I feel pretty down...  Oh, HAPPY BIRTHDAY NICOLE!!!  Umm, my band has some new demos. Nine songs. Dance Hits of 1984. Yeah, ask for one.   I love you so much.
yea i deleted that last entry....you guys really don't need to know anything like that and it sorrry i even put it out there ..i was just sad and thought that would be the best thing to do
i am so incredibly sick of this job. mainly just anita. yep, well she gave jael her cheque on friday, but not me! nope. biAtch! also, didnt say hello to me this morning and was all friendly with jael, makes me so mad! i used to like jael but she is a total suck up to her and shes kind of two faced. i cant wait to find a new job. heaven help me!
hmm..don't feel very missed..or loved..but its ok..i'll get over it..im just being stupid and girly...  the end..  anyways..had so much fun at melissa's built a lego land and it was fucking cool...  got excellent food made for us..(eventhough dave said its not that good) it was...  got to see friends from fort kent! which was kick ass...had lots of fun :)   sigh....
I can't do this by myself..*tear*..won't anyone help me?!  this all sucks!..im trying to get a new apartment but i can't do this by myself..nor do i want to...but i guess its just selfish of me to ask for someones time...  anyways...  this sucks and im going to go cry now..tootles...
No way November will see our goodbye When it comes to December it's obvious why No one wants to be alone at Christmas time And come January we're frozen inside Making new resolutions a hundred times February, won't you be my valentine? And we'll both be safe 'til St. Patrrick's Day    Eh i dunno christmas just doesn't seem very appealing this year.
When it comes to December it's obvious why No one wants to be alone at Christmas time And come January we're frozen inside Making new resolutions a hundred times February, won't you be my valentine? And we'll both be safe 'til St. Patrrick's Day
AAAAAAGHGHGHGGHHHHHHH!!!!  THERE WAS THE FIRST ROLL OVER AND I MISSED IT!!!  NOOOOOOO!  I put him on the floor on his back to change a diaper and ran into the bathroom to charge my phone real quick, and when I came back he was on his tummy laughing!  My little boy is growing up and I missed something important!  :(  :(  Booo.
im sorry that u had 2 leave me b cause of ur friends i really liked u and wanted to be with u for a while but i understand why u had 2 and if u ever change ur mind  u have my #   love chris
omg.. shittest day ever. Well mayb not ever but still  had a math test, didnt know what da fuck to do FAILED!!  broke a mood card trying 2 change da colour from stressed and tense  got told i look dead  chair ripped a tiny hole in my pants   COULD IT GET ANY WORSE!!!  grrr.....
Does the feeling of us being together push you away? Does the site of me next to you make you want to leave? Does this make you confused?
I FUCKED UP...AND IT DIDNT MEAN NOTHING...BUT U KNOW TIFF IF YOU DONT LIKE IT JUST DUMP ME AND GET IT OVER WITH...I DIDNT MEAN TO HURT...BUT GO AHEAD GET IT OVER WITH!!!
Why cant i take it back, Why can't i say what i mean, The words are hard, They dont come out right, I need help, But noone can help, I want to take back, Everything that ive done, Forget i ever did it, It makes me sad to remeber, The blood down my arm, The feelings of love, I lost, The razor on my skin, But it'll never go back, NEVER.
I miss him...he won't talk to me...he hates me...I think I might be overreactin but I feel like he hates me...I just wanted to talk to him and tell him I love him...is that too much?  I didn't think it was...I just really miss him...I feel so distant...
people don't message me unless i message them first. i'm such a loser  there's so much i wanna blurb out right now, but i don't know how to say it, ugh. oh well, keeping it all in is good sometimes anyways :x
Well today would have been my dad's 64th birthday. Its sad, I miss him....alot. But on a less depressing note I am now one if the cool people and now have a cell phone. Aren't I cool?
I terribly find myself useless..&gt;_&lt; Not being to help one in trouble.one who is lost in relationship..all i can do is just...give advises?! And continue to look at him suffer?!Damn i have to get the habit of being emotional away...
AHFDAFIHAASDFHaROHGSG  that's the only way i can even begin to describe my week. there aren't words that could actually explain how i feel.   they're just words.
Well, i had band camp today adn i was ok and i have to go back soon....  Well Charlie came and picked up megan today and took her to lunch or sumthin and i realized how muchi missed him.  Not that i'd ever  tell him or megan or joel or i guess anyone else that.  but i do.     well back to band camp to bug all the Freshy's
It's been a year now that Doug has been gone.  I still miss him, but I remember those fun times we had.  I remember the time we went to Priscilla's so he could get a boa for his dance to the pep band playing "The Stripper".   I also got to go with him to Goodwill so he could get lots of shirts for his routine.  Those were good times.
if they need room to breath.....you moved away so i cant sleep.......and a month may change your honest way........
Well i guess i won't be goin to magic mountain. (thanks to anthony) i'm free all week if anyone wants to do anything. Holla at me! or else i will be spendin my spring vacation inside my lonely home. :(
Sad bored hurty chestness not feeling good bleh. havent put any thing as of late. not much to say.  truck came. got stuff.put soem stuff up.  put some away. mothing much people existed .  There was my day great hmm yeah i thought so. well what ever off to shoot my self in the face if you would like to join me do so. I'm done.
Man, I hate Sunday nights... for now I am alone whereas all weekend I had Andrew by my side.  *sigh*  This distance thing sucks butt.  :(
The one thing i want in the world right now is to be a part of someone elses arms. No one in particular-just someone who cares. The end.
emotions. absurd, spinning, hormonal, crazy, uncontrollable, unpredictable emotions gra!  and who wants to hang out over winter vacation, which is in  two weeks ?
my internet is acting funny :( that makes me sad. i e-mailed a couple ppl but don't know if it got sent.  stoopid internet.  *looks around for things to do* well i suppose i could go and better myself ect..haha, whatever, i'll probably go to sleep early and get nice and rested up for 80's nite.
Yi Poh passed away this morning. She's been fighting so hard but in the end it wasn't meant to be.    Will be on leave on Monday. Funeral may be on Monday or Tuesday.    God bless you Yi Poh. And thank you for everything.
Yes, I've seen people trashed in reviews, but I've never had it happen to me. And of course since I think all people are nice, I think that even if people don't like me, they'll water down negative thoughts about me. But-- wake up call!! Not everyone is nice to you Natasha!! Especially when it comes to theatre reviews. They're paid to write  critiques  of the shows they see.
Rest in peace, Terri Schaivo.   (see www.cnn.com for details)  *sigh*   I'm glad that's over. No one should have to live like that. Perhaps now she'll have some sort of dignity...
I'm just so sad now.  The reality of what happened is starting to catch up with me and sink in.  I wish this break would be over. :-(  My dream is to just have him end it in a dramatic way and says he loves me so much and can't live with out me.  In a soap opera it would happen like that/ :'(
worst night ever.  worst. fucking. night. ever.   but I don't make the same mistake twice.               sad  never actually had to resort to reading before.
Dear World,   Today I would like to play a game called, buy the sad girl a present. So do it. Buy me a present. I am sad and therefore want gifts. Do the math. Me - presnet = Sad. Me + present = Not quite so sad. In conclusion, India is a land of contrast, I mean, buy me a present.  Your little darling, Amanda
Everyone at the office was sad today. We all were like zombies, wondering how this could have happen. I heard Kerry got over 67% of Broward. What's more surprising is that he got over 56% of Miami-Dade which predominate latino republican that voted for Bush last election.
Rest In Peace,  Frank Kelly Freas .  If you've never heard of him, Kelly was the greatest science fiction artist.  Period.  And a wonderful, fun, creative person who only just coincidentally happened to look like a leprechaun.  I'll miss him.
My Grandmother died Saturday afternoon from complications of a car accident/&nbsp; She was 87 and will be missed greatly by all that knew her. The funeral is tommorow at 10 am.  That is all Peace and Creativity Chris
I already miss Adam.    He's on his way to begin the biggest step of his life. He's going to be one damn-fine Marine
From CNN:          COLUMBUS, Ohio (CNN) -- A 25-year-old man stormed the  stage at a heavy-metal rock concert Wednesday night, shooting and killing  Damageplan guitarist "Dimebag" Darrell Abbott and three others before a police  officer shot and killed him, Columbus police said.   Unbelievable, and absolutely senseless.  R.I.P. Darrell.
We called him Damien because he was depressed since his friend was stolen. We thought he was happier when we took him out to the garden from time to time, but then he got sick and never got better. He was fighting till his last hour. :(
my whole mouth aches.  I feel like I'm constantly on the verge of tears.  and I have to be back to work in exactly eight minutes.  My hour break felt more like 10 minutes.  I ate too much rice.  and I'm falling asleep. Today was not a good day.  This week was not a good week.  Hopefully February will start looking up.  Starting tuesday.
Look Look I finally got the picture of Ray Parks on my old website!  http://www.geocities.com/ssmiley01/
"Grasshoppers are made of...Spongebob?" yee! Played with Susan and Fei tonight and had a great time.    I don't know what I'm going to do when they leave. :'(
Johnny Carson, a personal god of comedy in my book, died today at 79.  This is a very sad day for me.   http://channels.netscape.com/ns/tv/stor y.jsp?idq=/ff/story/0001/20050123/141404 9678.htm
i made  one of the haRdest and worst choises in my life  and now i dont know if what i did is right  im trying to make us feel better not me but us  and its not working   i fucked up like always...................and more but i dident lie  when i go ride my bike i do just that.  ihaveatattoopartlyinspiredbyyou xxxfucked
good thing i'm not wearing makeup because it would be all over my face by now. i just can't stop crying.
hella shitty day and i thought it couldnt get worse...  dont u hate it when things happen, and you cant do anything about it?  thanks sarah/matt/sage/syd/john        btw sarah- i decided that this pic was close enough and ur right. the other pic doesnt exist. mwahahahahaha!
today i saw a really sad little boy.  i tried to take him with me but he didn't want to come.  i guess it's not like i could've kept him under my bed, but i do worry what will become of him.  it's getting crowded and hot and worrisome, where we are.  he's pushing his limits.  he's going to destroy people before he even lets them close.  sad, huh.  glad i have a na pillow... sigh.
it's like the molecules of my body are tearing apart.  i'm in pain all the time.  i cried when i saw his song on TV.  i cried when riki insisted we do laundry.  the more my grip loosens on him, the more i fall apart.  it's horrible for me to write about it.  he's happy without me.  he would've been so much happier if i'd never come into his life and fucked things up.
today was a good day. one of the best in awhile. but i'm just not happy enough to write about it right now.
Bob is impossible! First he almost deletes my entire kitchen with a waffle iron. Then he paints the kitchen eggshell white. Oh and this takes the energy shake, he bought me another waffle iron. I don't even like waffles! I I have no clue as to why he would buy me a waffle iron,  I just want my toaster oven back.
Sad, again. Who gives a fuck? It's the same shit but different day. I had a good day but still managed to get completely and utterly depressed. Just great.
yeah well the past few days me and katie have been fighting and stuff and i think its ok now. she almost dumped me but i dunno she didnt. yeah well this is very long cuz i udnno how to use links like katie does but o well. comment me
RIP jesse schuchman  you were a crazy kid but a good one and i didnt get to know you until last summer be at peace.   the list of people is getting too long
When they say that you have to take the good parts of life with the bad, they really really mean it.  I got a fish today  And someone close to me lost her mom.  So....while I'm happy for a new addition to my life (Herbie the fish) I'm sad that life is full of such dukkah.  Damn using religion outside of class...
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Well yesterday was pretty chill accept I feel like everyone's on edge lately, and really moody. whatever.
Dont yall hate it when you go to a nail place, and the people working there like dont speak english! I hate it so much. And i feel bad whenever i cant understand them. Oh well... anyways this is gonna be short cause Im not a good typer with nails, and Dana should be here soon.
This tsunami drama is really bumming me out becuase everyone is dying...but to make matters worse, Jerry Orbach died and I wanted to cry. He was so amazing. I know all of you theater lovers will mourn with m. Oh the sadness.
its just this indescribable feeling. where hopelessness meets alone. and i dont want to be mean...but i cant bring myself to be nice about it either...i guess it all comes down to a swirling bathroom. because nothings as true as your red faced reflection after tears and pills
So I wanted to bring my friend to see phantom of the opera, but shes already goin to see it.   I Feel like i'm loosing her. ;\
Well, Anthony and I broke up for real this time , we decided we just wanted to be friends right now, cuz we both just want to be single right now, and maybe we can try it again in the future. ya know I thought I'd be able to do it this time without crying, I was wrong. I do still love him, I really do, This was really hard. but, hey it was for the best right? Yeah it was.
Well, Anthony and I broke up for real this time , we decided we just wanted to be friends right now, cuz we both just want to be single right now, and maybe we cna try it again in the future. ya know I thought I'd be able to do it this time without crying, I was wrong. I do still love him, I really do, This was really hard. but, hey it was for the best right? Yeah it was.
Mouse-trap car = no workey.  April = sad.    Goodbye top ten...it was nice while it lasted.  Hello first B of many yet to come.  Finis
Wow... i miss camp soooo much... but i missed y'all too! But i'm home *sigh*.   I bet there was alot of drama going on while i was at camp... i know it.  And i'm sry guys, but i'm waay to lazy to read all of your LJs or xangas from the past 2 weeks.    98% of the teenage population does or has tried smoking pot. if you're one of the 2% who hasn't, copy & paste this into your journal.
im bored ... well ... im at skewl ... im not learning anything so there's is basically no point in being here ... because im not earning anything ... hahahaha!!!! Wezly just said something abut teh magic skewl bus! !!!!!! muhahahaha!!!!
...well I'm sad...and alone...(fake smile) anyway  	      What is Your Ideal Anime Weapon?  Hosted by theOtaku.com:  Anime . Done right.   there we go
do you know what the worst feeling in the world is?  When someone you love more than life itself gets upset with you.  especially when its over something stupid like being in a specific room or saying "shut up".
theres a girl that i like, but i think am too late, i helped her when she split up wit her long term boyfriend i've always felt close to her but never got the chance to do anything about it, wot do i do
This is good-bye... do you really want it to end?     This is your life... are you ready?       I'll be fine, just as long as you're in my arms....
Feeling pretty sad right now!!!   My 3 week old baby kittens' momma diasappeared Sat.  So now I am nursing six babies.  I never thought I'd wish I had six nipple;P   LOL!!!!!  Well I think tey'll be OK I will just have to start them on regular food as soon as I can.
Sad today, more than usual. I have a poem for Kim, just haven't the drive to put it in writing.  So, lets add pathetic to the list of feelings for today.
omg georgia sent me this email and it made me cry :( it was about suicide and stuff. it was really sad. holy shit..
"So it's  not  gonna be easy. It's gonna be  really  hard. We're gonna have to work at this everyday, but I want to do that because I want  you . I want all of you,  forever , me and you,  everyday ."
I am fuckin piss and sad somebody here in my house was fuckin stupid enough to let my cat go outside and now i can't find her here or outside and i just hope she comes back she was the coolest pet i've ever had shyt it just sucks
Those who know me, no me no longer, here I stand to say that the days are numbered, and no longer shall you reconize my face. Fare well to the wounderous days of youth, for I am no longer young, I feel shattered and old. So when will the end come to take me away?
Well. Alex and I broke up today.  1 week, 6 days. We didn't even make 2 weeks. Sad, isn't it?  It was mutual. Even though I was upset, it was a mutual agreement.  I guess I should go. I may be hanging out with a very cool guy.
I AM TIRED AND I HATE WENDY! CRAZY, STUPID TWO COLOR HAIRED WOMAN!!! BAHHH!   The judges were ignorant...I am boycotting the show FOREVER! Or until next Wednesday...I'm not sure. But seriously, I love Austin....
well this is how my night went i went over to my aunts house and my uncle was getting dishes from my grandpa's house (my grandpa died like five months ago) i went up there to see if i could help him and after awhile i just started balling, i miss my grandpa a lot. STUPID CANCER!!!! well luv yaz
i think i finally figured out how to update this silly thingy thanks to nina. i dont really even know her but shes cool. thanks.
Sorry to all going to McGuire's on St. Patrick's Day. I have to be at work at 7:00 in the morning, so I won't be able to go with you.   :-( This SUCKS!!!!
Ludacris-11Days Prom-12Days KimbersBirthday-5Days This weekend is gunna be fun... i get to hang out with my girls!
basically... i leave tomorrow... i was all happy to go home.. cause i miss everyone... but now that we are about to leave i kinda wish we weren't....:(
Such a big person...a void that can't be filled. There is only one Hippie Dave. I can't believe you're gone. Jim Bean in one hand and a bowl in the other..always willing to pass and share. Never a complainer, a huge bullshitter, and a talker of the largest proportions. I loved you, you were a good-ass person man. I am still stunned. ......oxycotin is evil.
I hadn't heard that TV legend Paul Henning, who created  The Beverly Hillbillies  and  Petticoat Junction ,  died yesterday at 93 , until I checked out my LJ friends list.  His grandson       mr_fu    has  a very nice tribute  to him. I wish I'd known the man.
The school issue has been solved for me. The application deadline for the program I was looking at has passed. Joygasm.
Well,  this &nbsp;story has decided it for me. I am not going to be able to handle working strictly with infants and children after becoming a nurse. I'm bawling over this story and there is no way in hell I could handle this in real life. No one needs a nurse crying their eyes out.
a week without Sarah is like a week without food or water, its like a week without air.  i need Sarah to survive.  i'll miss her so much.  I hope she knows how much i love her and care about her. bye bye Sarah
i saw the absolute saddest thing I've seen in my life.  There was a dog running on the side of the road dragging one of its back legs behind him.    I  cried .      My grandpa (moms dad) is in the hospital for puking up blood.
so here's the question that i so desperately need the answer to: if no matter how good things are and how happy you are it always ends up gettin messed up by something then what's even the point of tryin to be happy and then while on the topic then what's even the point of life if you just eventually lose everything you gain? *hannah*
Blog of Death: Wanda Alston   What do you want to bet some redneck is going to claim she deserved it, or it was "God's will" for being gay?   View this post on my blog
For some reason, this amused me. Don't expect this sort of thing often.    120% Seme      How seme are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla      ((I couldn't resist. Man, Akki is a creep))
A quote from an employer in Boston:  There are no jobs available in Boston.   Woe is me.  Woe is Jill who can't move back to MA because we can't afford to live there.  Ahhh...the search continues.
Well, there is nothing else to do in     Central Indiana    on a Thursday that doesn't involve a restaurant, so we're heading to Fusion.
Today I lost all contact with littlemisslucky.  A great Photographer and very beautiful woman.  It has not been a good day.   I hope she fares well, and may the winds of change cross our paths again one day.
What's happening with the mall tomorrow? i.e.:  Who: Is coming      Wants to come, but doesn't know if they can/will      Can give me a ride home      Needs a ride there What: stores do we wanna go to? When: will be go to the mall (timewise)       does anyone have to be home? Where: Will we meet?  YAY!! DEGRASSI GOT PICKED UP FOR IT'S 5th SEASON!! *cartwheels*
last night i played at a benefit concert for freedom house... ooh was it nice.  it felt so good to play again... i need to stop looking at my hands so much though.  i have it on video tape, and i think it's digital so maybe we'll be able to put clips on my  website .    basketball games are going to be on from 1 til midnight today.  what am i supposed to write here?
chest pains cold gusts of air  and the distance i feel, the tone of your voice i can't hear.  can't help but feeling small.
yea it's the 4th of jul. and i'm sitting at home AGAIN.i'm so fricken bored and i have no fricken friends so i guess that's my own fault. so anywho....yeai  havne't done much of anything lately. and right now i'm not excited about the warped tour either. i know it's a surprise, but oh well. yea well i'm going to go now. and tori again i appologize for not calling you back.
So I'm feeling particularly angsty tonight  Tonight, I've been told that:  I was unloveable by someone that I thought I could turn to when I needed love. I had no direction by someone that I thought was my life's direction. I was a reject by someone that I thought I could turn to when I needed to be accepted.  I feel terrible now. And I can't sleep about it. And I'm no longer in like. Ever.
since my parents got divorced (senior year) and my dad moved to nashville, i never get to see him anymore. it is sad. i miss him. he has my dog snowcone, so i miss her too. i wish i could go see him more often, but i need to work so i can afford my car to drive to see him. okay, i'm not going to think about this. i'm going to watch cheers.
my cat died. his name was Gastone. I miss him so much. the vet said that he had leukimia...=( i'm like really sad.
Forget human cloning, gay marriage, and all the other top headlines in the news.   Barbie and Ken are splitting up ? Say it isn't so!
Jenna, your spirit will be greatly missed. We all know that you are in a better place. my prayers and thoughts go out to the fallon family.
I just got bad news.  My Uncle Peter passed away today.  Times like this it's frustrating that I live so far away from my family (they are in Connecticut).   I'm just so glad I was able to see him on my trip in January.  Unfortunately my company's bereavement policy does not allow for time off due to the death of an uncle.
Man, I'm so sick of everything. Billy, school, Billy, seminary, Billy, my grandma, Billy, and everything else (plus Billy).  Yes, I am obsessed with Billy. Do I want to be? HECK NO.  But I am. And that sucks.   Can anybody tell me how to stop loving somebody without taking drugs?
*cue kadi freaking out, over stressed, under slept, and not wanting to leave an amazing city, an amazing country, and an amazing boyfriend.*
I was sad to hear of Robert Palmer's untimely death yesterday, I liked everything I heard by him, he wasn't in my all-time top ten or anything, but he made good tracks, and he was a true gent too
I'm really sad right now cause I was looking through some of my Ani-mayhem cards and I noticed that my favorite card is missing. ;_; I was wandering if anyone has one and would sell it to me please? This is what the card looks like.   Can anyone help me get this card back? ;_;
I feel absolutely horrible right now!!! x_x and I can't even talk right now my throat is so sore. I hate being sick all the time! ::falls over and dies:: x_x
ooops, i have to hurry up to reach the 5 post mark. Otherwise       rbarclay     and       nilasae    wold be right. Post count = 3.
i guess i should know better that's just the way he is still, being stood up by your only parent really fuckin sucks
i miss colleen...   i have no music  i can't play my guitars  i live in a closet  my bed is too small.  what is happenning to me.
Just when I can quite possibly be happy, being sick snatches it away. :(  (I know this makes sense to no one but me. Sorry.)
i didn't know him, but he was a friend of mindy's, so i'm posting this for her. and because it's sad, too. (i really don't know what to say, since i didn't know him, so i'm going to keep this simple.)  R.I.P. Jake  you and everyone who loved you are in my thoughts.
I am feeling really sad.  MP wants me to leave, I understand why, but I don't want to.  Why is life so shit?
Anyone who can be there, meet somewhere around my apartment 10-11ish tomorrow morning to help me move boxes and have fun and stuff. For more details, call my cellphone.  Oh, and there will be doughnut holes.  Back to feverishly/sobbingly packing now.
I am  Centipede .   I wander back and forth minding my own business, changing directions only when things get in my way, but I always seem to be persecuted. It's as if people want to hurt me, to cut me in two, to laugh at my confusion. Can't you just leave me alone? Stop shooting me!  What Video Game Character Are You?
This was on the news:   http://www.savetoby.com/   This guy has already raised $20,000. This is sad, and yet I'm laughing.
It's a sad day in Pittsburgh and in Richmond.  Now I have to rally with Mitch for the Eagles.  Do you know how much I want to do that?? Yeah.  Sorry Dave, Patriots must be smothered.
Jerry Orbach died.  Law and Order just lost the best thing that ever happened to it.  I'm sooo sad.  He was such a great man. He will truely be missed.
I was just about to bitch about my day and then found out that Wendy broke her leg.  My problems don't seem so significant.  I uh...hope it heals fast dude. :-(   Love you.
I just stumbled across an Easter Egg on this DVD I was watching in which the boyfriend of the lead actress proposed to her on-camera.  It was, quite probably, the sweetest thing I've ever seen.  I watched it twice.  And cried.  I wish I had someone to propose to.   "Death closes all, but something ere the end, Some work of noble note may yet be done, Not unbecoming men who strove with gods."
Im really getting fucking sick of most fucking people....Damn...people are so shady....I guess dave and I just fucking smell....I'm sorry it would be so fucking aweful to hang out with us.     Yes, this is gay to be on lj....but fuck it, who do I have to impress...Its gay that the only way I hear from people is on here. So I guess this is the only way my so called friends can hear from me.
I'm sorry I'm a bit crap. I promise to pull myself together some time soon. I am wearing an evening dress with big furry boots in an attempt at self-pity. Whoop.
This feels like one of those days where I don't understand time. All I want to do is sit here immersed in music, and watch my thoughts rush by faster than I can understand them.  This doesn't usually happen when I'm this busy. I hope it isn't a problem.  Life is changing, and it's doing it a lot.
This has been a most unpleasnant day, the shit just seems to keep on coming. I'm just getting so tired of life consistantly letting me down I will sleep now and when i wake up it will be a new day and the shit i delt with today will be but a memory.
Today some ass hole thought it was a good day to kill an animal.  that animal happened to be my dog chop-chop.  chop chop was in the back yard and had gotten out and ran a block away from the house and someone hit him with the car and sped off which is very disrespectful.                                        RIP IN LOVING MEMORY OF CHOP-CHOP
something i've only really shared with       kyledavidpaul   :  an independent radio station, one of the last few in north america, is nearing its end. midnight cdt is the last part of the broadcast.  this is sad.  farewell  woxy .  so long, and thanks for all the fish.
i would be able to stand up for myself on the very intimate level that is in question.  and the world's best boyfriend turned out to be not perhaps just another seasonal crutch hours later i feel the same.
Happy Anniversary, baby.  Well, about as happy as we can manage it, ne.  I just don't know anymore.    Merry Christmas to all the rest of you.
*sits in the park and listens to the pretty sounds*  *wonders what went wrong*   When Nessa used to dance, she could feel the moon tickle inside and she would laugh. But now she dances and it's only sunlight, burning burning her insides. :(
I remember when I wish it never happened. Now it seems like it's been forever since I saw him. And I can't remember anything. I wish I could. I want to remember everything. It made me feel something. I feel so empty inside. My comforting ache is gone.
I am so upset...     They killed Boone. I so was not wanting it to be him. I cried. No, I sobbed. I am way too emotionally involved in this show. I was so upset, in fact, that I didn't take any pleasure in Niko's elimination from American Idol. That sounds mean, but I never liked him all that much.   *sighs* I'm just so upset.
Well, I had hoped to be able to make it down to the S.F. area this weekend, but it looks as if I am going to be too effin' busy to do it.   Which blows.  I am still planning a visit on Jan 30th for the Scissor Sisters show at the Warfield.  This will NOT be cancelled.
Attended my last Body Balance class at Fitness First and this is it,    Hello Cali  and  Goodbye Fitness First !
I have said before that I wouldn't change my past as all things happen for a reason and I would not have met my babe if I my life had been different, right now apart from the children I have and meeting my babe, I wish I could change a lot of things. I have always believed in fate, but was it really my fate to have such terrible things happen in my life or just my own stupidity.
PS:  http://www.thepetitionsite.com/takeacti on/797408228?ltl=1113521592    DONT SHOOT THE CAT!!! go and sign the petition- save a kitty :(   www.dontshootthecat.com
I'm gonna pray that this judge can't have a good nights rest for a long time; he should be ashamed of himself!!!  I was reading proverbs 21 yesterday and this verse stood out to me for this situation: Verse 15:  It is joy to the just to do judgment: but destruction shall be to the workers of iniquity.     US judge denies feed-tube request   More sad news =(   Teenage gunman kills nine in US
Fire Goddess      What Elemental Goddess Are You? (Earth, Fire, Wind, Water) + Pictures +     brought to you by  Quizilla
So yeah...I have no internet at my apartments...so I will not be able to write in here for a while. So this is Rose saying so long from Iowa City and good-bye for the summer. Peace out dudes
The Backstreet Boys Concert was postponed until 9.7.01!!!!!!!!!!  Poor AJ, he has a drinking problem because his grandmother died....or so I heard....I'm soo dissapointed....=(
Here I am stuck in the damn HBM computer lab, and oh how I hate my life right now! I just wish there was a light at the end of the tunnel, because it feels like I'm buried under a pile of shit. I just found out that Kalyn's group spent 4 hours in the lab. That's gonna be fun since I don't get in here until after 8pm! And my boy is being a major prick right now, I don't appreciate it.
NO MORE MEATBUNS.      Especially vegetarian meatbuns.    Steak will be served raw tomorrow.    ((THERE!  Now I've posted as all my characters!  &gt;O))
Maddox's article   Suicide = me sad.  It's a permanent solution to a temporary problem.    I just don't understand why so many people want to commit suicide.  I was going to write a rant, but I decided against it.  Too much to think about.  I feel overwhelmed.
I hate this!   I hate how my family is growing apart and how everyone is moving away... I want it to go back to the way it use to be when we were little.... I miss it sooo much!
I love APO and everyone in it.  I hope things get better soon and I am willing to be the "better person" as kevin says.  I hope things get better, I don't want to see something that I have grown to love so much fall apart.
I was the only kid in secondary school with facial hair.   They called me "giant bearded."    I still remember.
Wow. Totally dont understand my "friends" anymore. I seriously need to re-evaluate.  I think i've been my one true friend this whole time, but just didnt relize it.  Opps.
He left a few days ago. I've been feeling quite sad. I would of gone with him except I'm in the middle of a tour.   We're going to the South Island on Monday, I guess I'm looking forward to that.   Sash
Juju'a first cat has passed away. I guess I sort of felt that Kit was going to live on forever, even though I knew it wasn't possible. So thank you Kit Kat for putting up with us with grace and dignity.
well today is the 8 yr mark that my grandfather has been gone... ive been thinking about it all day and about how much i miss him!  im actually crying right now... Grandpa-if you can see me right now, i love you and i miss you so much! RIP
she's gone. and so i am sad. but i know that she is happy. she's back at home. she'll be back in december, until then, i will miss her.  p.s. anyone up for a road trip?
Tek died today. I found his body around 1130 and it was already cool.  He held on pretty long, all things considering. The tumor was as big as his head, and I'm sure it was painful for him. But now that pain is done.  Gonna have to keep an eye on Jack and Osprey. Jack and Tek were best friends. Osprey is the only society left now. Hopefully they'l bond closer.  Bye Tek.
man oh man some lj's are just depressing not really depressing but sad. just read some and u just almost start to cry sometimes ya actually do. I am totally a no interesting person. always boring even weekends when i never do anything. i totally repel the girls. i love complaining not it just totally lame
im having a pity party and it feels super good. no one likes me . why? i think ill go cry. and my fiends are different than i though they were. bummer. life sucks right now.
This poem is for Katrina. Maybe it will help you release the pain and come to terms with your grandmother's passing. So many people care about you. Just remember, we're always here for you. I love you with all of my heart.
I am moving today.  My mother woke me up and started crying because she said it was the last day she'd be able to do that. (wake me up, I mean)  I feel sad and excited at the same time...I know I'm moving only an hour away, but it will be very different. And my mom being so sad makes me sad, too.  I leave in two hours. I have most everything packed up. I'm going to go shower now.
This trip to Florida was only getting good when I discovered that we were going out on the boat. "WOOT!...WE GET TO SEE MANATEES!" but to my demise....   NO MANATEES!!!!!!!...I got to see about a million turtles and one snake... oh yay...a snake.   We are going to eat soon. I can't wait to get home though...its too hot...thank the lord I haven't gotten a sunburn.
WAHHHHHHHHHHH ITS SOOOOOOOO SAD!!!*sobs* I hate the ending to Full Metal Alchemist. I fyou want more detail I'll spill but I will not give out spoilers*sob* AHHHHHHHH...so sad. *sits in corner and cries to Jody over the phone*
they're gone. i'll never see them again. i'll never see  him  again.&nbsp; i don't think it's really hit. i haven't cried...my eyes were defintely watering last night. i can't believe they're really gone. i never actually thought it would happen. i'm so glad that i knew them though. i'm so glad i got a chance to party with them and hang out with them and get to know them and become friends.&nbsp;
well, im off to florida. i wish to keep in touch, so call my cell phone if you have the number. i'll be home april 22. hope everyone has a good vacation. i'll miss you all...especially you. dont forget about me &lt;3  im all worried again...argh. maybe there's something wrong with me.  leave me random comments to come home to!! :)
tired, hungry,&nbsp;sore, over worked, and under paid. there ive bitched about as much as i have the energy to.
If you had 5 years left to live... what would you do with your time?  Comment, and explain that.  I'll end up explaining why I'm asking this question later.
poop  i called about my tattoo and i dont have enough cash money to afford it  gonna have to wait untill next week  ..........sadness.........
To pay my respects to  Jhonn Balance  I'm spending today listening to  Brainwashed Radio.   So much good stuff I've never heard...
I'm spending today mourning the death of Mitch Hedberg. There is also a rumor that the Pope died, but he really didn't.
everyone is like getting ready for formal ---&gt;&gt; no one knows who their going with expect for brennan is going with ashlee =)
My mommy is sick and  my tummy hurts.I can't believe he didn't say a word to me.Im the coolest around and he should know that.Its worrying me that she is so sick and I hope she gets better soon.
just as i thought. i get home from a GREAT show and a GREAT night to find a cd on the counter with sherri's picture on it and a thank you card from the family and this little letter thing. oh my gosh this is the worst. why does this always happen. i mean i didnt loose it when the show i was at tonight was right next door to sherri's work. why is seeing her picture so hard?
well, tomorrow i return to stateboro. its goo because i can do whatever the hell i want without my parents bitching at me, but its bad because i have to leave all my friends. break has been great. i'm gonna miss everybody
i haven't felt this bad since...well, the last time she left.  maybe this is unhealthy. but i am not happy.
OMG I just finished watching "City of Angels"  :'( That movie is so saaaaaaaaad!!!! I'm still kind of crying... Awwwww!!!!!
heh.... 7 months... still hurts.  Sometimes I wish that my nack for remembering certain events and certain dates wasn't so good.
I got the contract for the job in China and it looks good.  But then my mood was dispelled by the news that my dear old cat Tabby died today, waaaa!  I'll write something proper about her in my next post.  I am too depressed right now :(
I just watched  this  and I think it's safe to say that it is pretty much the most depressing thing ever.
My next-door neighbor stopped by this afternoon with some bad news. His wife&nbsp;hung herself this morning.&nbsp; :(&nbsp;&nbsp; It's very sad. Keep their family in your thoughts...
It's been a completely unproductive day.   I haven't moved a single thing from how it was yesterday when my guests were here.   Maybe it's just me not wanting to let go of the weekend.   Hopefully things will be much better tomorrow after I begin to catch up on sleep more.
I'm considering writing all my essays in blood, that way they might give me more time inbetween them to actually have a life. But I doubt it. They'd probably send me to Addenbrookes and have me write more whilst having a blood transfusion.   In other news, work has prevented me from going home for the second weekend in a row. There doesn't seem much point now it's week 6. Bastards.
Hey, I figured out what happened to our beloved e-scrabble.com.  I hope hasbro buys it or something.  And if they do, they better not make it full of adds and crap.   http://www.e-scrabble.com/desist.ht ml
I've ruined my life.  I feel like theres nothing left for me.     How can you hurt the one person you truly love?  I don't even know what to say or do. I feel like I have nothing. I am nothing.           Sorry doesn't even compare to how I feel.
Your Stripper Info by   radioface        first name           age           Stripper Name:    Tiffy      Specialty:    facial expressions      Customers say:    "Are you Jewish?"             Created with the ORIGINAL   MemeGen  !
im sooo sad/ mad!! My bro is sooo mean!! I didnt getto talk to keith tonite cuz he was on the net and when i called keith he was sleep cuz he got school morrow!! *tears* I wanna cry!! One good thing happened tonight...i found out that Marc might/probably is goin to Cape the summer!! Cant wait to see him!! Havent seen him in a year!! *Big change..lol* Anyways i'm gone!! *ByeBye*
okay im leaving already...hope everything goes for everyone...bye ppl...will miss you guys...     The view from my house...hope i'll be able to come back to see it again...
To lie...it hurts...i can imagine how ppl feel when they lie...sometimes to lie to one is better i guess...at least it won't hurt the other party so much...you think that you got hurt because that someone lied to you...but think again...it hurts as much too to the person who lied to you...
i just got off the phone with mah love. she says she may not come in october now. i think im ganna die. i hate this.  not to mention that i wish i really could steel her pain away and yet there is NOTHING i can do. it hurts.   yea, so i had a lot more energy and it died and now reality has hit.  fuckin reality! why do you gatta ruin it for me?!?!?!
Words of advice:   Dont take things for grantud because u dont know how fast things can change. i have never been so scared in my life. what the fuck is goin to happen now? Ive never been so helpless in my life. Theres nothing i can do. I have no control. IM SO SCARED :'-(     I HAVE NEVER CRIED SO MUCH IN MY LIFE
People are really annoying me and I pretty much want to cut off communication with half the people listed in my cell-phone. I hate fake.
Sarah is gone. Erin and I cried the whole way home :( I miss you sarah!   (you) were born before the wind Also younger than the sun Ere the bonnie boat was won as we sailed into the mystic Hark, now hear the sailors cry Smell the sea and feel the sky Let your soul and spirit fly into the mystic \  Van Morrison    *sniff* So cheesy I know.
Everyone needs to stop. I keep hearing several people say that they want to kill Marik. YOU CAN'T!!   I know that this current issue really riles up everyone...but you CAN'T kill him! You CAN'T! I won't allow you to until we can find a better way to get rid of him. You  can't  kill him. That will harm Malik. I don't want to lose Malik...
I cried today. I just wanted you to know that, since karma is bitting me in the ass and now you won't even talk to me.  Jamie Wohlhueter rarely, rarely cries. You made me cry.
Yo muy triste...   I've lost all excitement....I'm sorry. I leave everything including my enthusiasm with her. She has me completely.   ...Bah...blast you, umm....lets say......Tong!!!
Back in 1987, Pope John Paul II visited the City of New Orleans and I am sure he sampled some of our fine seafood. Knowing that, I am surprised he didn't come to the realization that we aren't sacrificing on Fridays in Lent after all. :P  Goodbye Holy Father..enjoy your rest.
Quoted this from www.fairyland.com.my....  Fairyland is going to commercialize on  19th August 2004 , we appreciate every single of you who play the game(Fairyland) from the launching until to date its commercialize. We really hope every single of you will keep on with the game so we got the opportunity to served you all with a better online gaming experiences.
yesterday i went to christys and we had the harvest party thing, we carved a pumkin and made a candy apple. it was good. today, we sat around and then i came home. then went to see my poppy. and im home now. thats all i have to say.
I do those so often. I say things without thinking and hurt people's feelings. I know being honest is a good quality, but sometimes I am too honest. I think I will go bury my head in the bed sheets, hide myself from the world, and cry. I am so stupid sometimes.
It has been quite the random sick day - but hey lets face it, it is always a sick day with me. ( I've been sick since the 4th grade). Caught wesley's cold and he wont even come over here and cuddle with me which kinda bums me out - makes me wonder why I didnt pick a boyfriend who was more "touchy feely".
I guess the RAs think theyre cool by taking Terras underwear and hanging it all over the hall and putting random condoms in the bathroom...weird-but it's even better when Terra wants her bra back so she tears it down and takes the whole vent down with it...whatta character
What does your t-shirt say? by   rejektedrockstar        Name           Age           Fav. Color           Gender      Female Male I dunno...       Ta-Da                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !        And also, I just watched the last episode of Sex and the City...and it made me cry like a little girl.
i hate this day........  cause ive never had anyone to give something to.............  oh well......  valentines day is a son of a bitch.........
um... today is friday and i went to a baseballl game and i think i did something wrong today. thats about it. and... yeah thats it.
Me. I got in to a fight in my dream last nite. I was scary. Maybe it's just what I needed. Maybe it's what I deserve.  Fuck.
okay well what do i say.  My grandpa was taken to the hospital tonight because he had chest pains, they think he had a heart attack and he has to stay there overnight.  well it's just what i needed to top off my hard week, i don't have anything else to say except i'm shocked and am tired and don't know what to think or how to digest it all.  I hate this week.
Oddly, I like listening to depressing music. It makes me happy, yet depressed at the same time. Weird world we live in....
All these big bugs! One just flew and hit my head then I tried to swat it and it flew away.....I need Tonya! Tonya, kill them for me! =D           Which flock do you follow?   this quiz was made by  alanna    WHOO! That's so great. Lol.  And Ashley broke up with Mike....(my brother and his girlfriend). I'm sad for him. I really want to ask him.....but I don't want to. Poor guy.
Well Bari is leaving back to Japan tomorrow along with all the others.  So here is a thing i made with pictures of me and all the students that I have pictures of me with.  It was a good month.  Also I went to the egg hunt today and I had my mom take a picture of me with the boys.  I just love pictures!
this may sound really stupid but if you are of the praying persuasion or anything of that sort please pray for my baby jeans my kitty cat attacked her early this morning and she's sorda recovering i hope but i dont want to lose her i love my beautiful baby sugar glider she's soooo pretty!!!  i don't really have much to say, but yeah... i hope you all have a great day, though.
in the past 2 days, I worked around 3 or so hours of overtime. this is in addition to the usual clocking in early and clocking out late that I normally do. shweet
Well, just said goodbye to my roomie and I probably will never see her again, which is making me kinda verklempt.  She was one of my very first Kent State friends and I must admit I hate to see her go.  And with everything that's happening tomorrow, I can't help but sit here and be emotional and cry a lot.  Just one of many times to come, I'm sure.
A paritioner at my chruch, Gary Calvert died last night in his sleep. If you pray, please do so for his wife and children.
So today mom and I went an saw Alley Cat and decided to buy him.  We put a down payment on him and he will be coming home in two weeks.  I'm excited but on the other hand I'm also very very sad.  I know that it's the right thing to do for Annie, but it's just so hard.
Currently watching (well half-watching) American Beauty on BBC2 (even though I have it on DVD). Thing is, I know I'll end up in tears at least at some point during the movie, so should I continue watching or just turn it off and go do something else instead?
It is funny sometimes how you actually start to feel bad about your actions or how your actions affected someone and then to see how quickly they just rebound right out of it. Jumped, actually.  and yet..still feel bad about it.  I think I am going to jump on the no dating/no sex bandwagon...for now at least.  Anyone wanna talk me out of it?  Meliss
Merry Christmas everyone..we opened presents last night and had a good time. I got some clothes and some movies..i was just glad to have my brothers home and my aunt and uncle here..as hard as i try though, christmas isn't exciting..it just didn't feel like christmas..i guess i just miss my grandfather..i try not to admit it but i miss my aunt even though she hates us...
There is so much to be sad about.  It's so hard smiling and holding it all in.  My only release from this frustration is a solitary tear that rolls down my cheek.
"I want to believe in myself once again..." - Flogging Molly.  I wish i knew what the FUCK was wrong with me.
I am so sad now because Justin asked me to dance and I just cand deal w/ dancing exept w/ girls and now I feel really bad and cannot forgive myself... ever... I am so sad now....
pictures....enjoy?   my pretty pretty collage that I made for SAVE ME by UNWRITTEN LAW &lt;3    candyyyyy and matt &lt;3     ....all of the alcohol me and matt and kate drank....HEH. (you might have to turn your head to the left...) anyways...
someone stole my bike.  right off from my porch. if anyone sees a super hot brown huffy with a basket, kick the person who has it.  i lost three important things in the span of 12 hours.     i am sad.
Dear Mr. Miller,  The Crucible is one of my favorite plays.  Thank you for the challenge, contemplation and inspiration that work has given me, particularly during those hard high school years when my love for reading was all that got me through the days.  I'm sorry I didn't write you sooner.  Rest in peace.  Love, Cheryl
i am a horrible person. i really think i am.  i dont even want to think of the circumstances that made me this way.  it doesnt matter, really. the end result is the same. i am a bad person.
I've not written in a while. My grandfather passed away yesterday. So everyone just pray for me. Some people just think that they are so much better then everyone else, when really there not. We haven't moved yet, but hopefully by this weekend we will be living in our new house.
I've not written in a while. My grandfather passed away yesterday. So everyone just pray for me.       Some people just think that they are so much better then everyone else, when really there not. We haven't moved yet, but hopefully by this weekend we will be living in our new house.
Bye everybody! Hugs for all! I'm leaving in...half an hour! Ack! No more bagels!!!!!!! How will I survive?  I get to meet my host family today. I have 4 older sisters!! I get to be the baby! And they have 2 dogs! Yay! Well that's about it. I'll try to update when I can. Ja!
my old school friend david wells has been killed in a car accident, thats 2 funerals in a year wonderful!!! dont know if im gunna go to the funeral yet though!?!
i was just thinking about an ex-girlfriend.... who i was dating at this time, about 7 years ago.... i just want to apologize for being such a dick.... i was an immature little man.... if i knew then what i know now....i'd do things better.... i'm glad you're happy in your new life.... i love you.
I've decided tonight I'm staying alive just kicking & screaming Blood boiling & steaming There are things far too dark to comprehend Sleep on it one more night my sad old friend  Doo do Doo do Doo do Doo do  The worst is over.
I think I'm making two of my best friends mad at me. Not good. I may elaborate later, or if I see you in person. I love them both to death though, and I don't want them to be mad at me for something this trivial.  PS for all you Auburn folks, you probably don't know them at all. :) So don't worry that it's you or something!!  Love Ya'll
Hello people (wow i havent posted in a long time dont wory i'm not dead oh and sorry im not dead =P) how is evry one umm i dont realy have any thing to post (but i miss jenny =() ::tear tear::   ...yeah buy i gess........?
I work with Luke, a man with Down Syndrome. Today when Karen (another worker) got to his house to get him up, his dog was dead in the bed beside him.  This makes me so sad, Luke adored that dog. And I don't know how much about the dog's death he will understand. I'm taking him out to a movie or something tomorrow and they're having a ceremony and burial tonight.
im sorry im sorry im sorry  im sorry im sorry im sorry im sorry im sorry im sorry  im sorry im sorry im sorry im sorry im sorry im sorry  im sorry im sorry im sorry  i hate feeling like this. I want to go home. I hate this.
Princess can't find   him.  Nobody knows where he ought to be. The demons hate him now, he fights them but he's   not   ... Princess doesn't understand. Spike   likes   being bad.  Good little Cecily put him right off the goody-goodies.   They did something to him. I was told. They should owe me, but Princess can't find  him,  either. It's all gone wrong. Princess is lonely.   Princess is hungry.
I just saw the saddest movie ever!!! Million Dollar Baby is so sad I have to admit my eyes got blurry at the end of the movie i give it 1000000000 stars out of 10!      What stupid celebrity are you destined to kill? by   daydreamer8852        Name           Birthdate           You killed           With a           On    September 27, 2016               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
No matter what your opinion about the Terri Schiavo case, the fact that she starved and thirsted to death is awful.  What a terrible way to die.  Once the decision was made to pull the feeding tube, it would have been more humane to give her a "lethal injection".  Even convicted felons on death row get to have a more humane death.
I've been doing genealogy since 1999.  I've hit a major brick wall regarding my great-great-grandmother.  Her death certificate (filled out by son-in-law) lists a name for her father.  Well, I received a copy of his (her supposed father's) will, and her name is not listed at all.  I just want to cry...  It shouldn't be that hard to find her parents, and it's so frustrating not to find them...
Well today has been hell. I have been having serious flash backs of Mikey and i. Today would be our one year anniversary. That would have been a huge milestone. I still care about him though and he knows it. I just wished i haden't screwed things up! He was perfect.
All good things must come to an end.  Unfortunately, I have to leave Mexico and leave for Arizona tomorrow and then head back home after a week. =(  I'll miss Mexico and all the people, my cousins, my new friends...the food, the weather...I'll miss everything!!!
A good sign I have too much time on my hands at night is.................. I read random LJ's for over and hour and a half. It made me think that its going to be wierd not having a "valentine" this year. Oh well     Any takers on being Steve's Valentine this year?
You Are Cinderella!        Dignified and hard working. With a gentle and soft-spoken manner you have something many people don't. Patience. Even through the moments of heartbreak you're still able to hold onto all of your hopes and dreams. Bide your time; you're dream will come true.     Which Disney Princess Are You?
i stayed home from school today b/c i was attacked by a dog yesterday and OMG does it hurt! i told animal control not to but the dog down. it still feels like it didnt happen like it was a dream until i look  at my arms and my leg..... ill write more later
uuuuuuuuurrrrrrrrr! its to early! anyway i hate school -_-! *trying somthing out below* &lt; marquee &gt; Shcool Stinks &lt; / marquee &gt;
Alright im trying to forget about what happened but i made a new website www.freewebs.com/ryoki  is a very plain name but i could not think of anythin!!! lol!
man o man! Ever sense i moved ive been losing touch with my old friends! Everytime i try to hangout with them its like there always doing somthing and im just like OMG! i really wanna see them again but its just... errrrr idn.............   I MISS U GUYS!
life blows @ times..  always up down up down..  right now it's looking pretty down, & i know it won't be like that for long.. but it still gets hard.  i just want to sit around by myself and at the same time i don't.  ughhhh.  i hate contradictive feelings.    bleeeh.  i guess thats it.  i want to write more.. but just can't
*frowns and sighs* so it looks like Holly and I are over. I'm not sure exactly how I feel about that.  Amy  call me girl so I can make sure we are on for the cruise. I start filming soon and I want to make sure we get it in.  If there are any single females or males for that matter give me a ring will ya?   MichelleDKey
damn...I totally got blown off today...this is the second time. fuck..this is starting to be really fucking depressing.
i miss my friends.. my close friends that are all mad at me because they think i dont want to come see them.. but i went and seen them in july.. and none of them came to see me. but i do miss them and love them... even if they are mad at me.
It seems that today Cherry Atkinson has finally lost her fight against cancer.  Have a nice trip, angel. We'll see you in Summerland.  My deepest empathy to Derry, Andy, and all the family.
if anyone has anyone has any cool shit to say right now they should totally post it...because i cant think of anything and im sure something like that would spark my brain a little.  ive been drinking too much coffee and not enough alcohol.
Vale Ben.  I only met you a few times, but you indelibly touched so many people I know.     Enjoy the flight, Mr Bear.
Right now im listenin to music and nothing else.....Im really upset cuz tomorrow is mi first day of skewl and mi dad wont be there to see it.m goin into jr high and he isnt gonna be here. I wanna go home and its not fair that i cant. Y do i have to be here? i dont wanna be here for skewl. I hate skewl here it sux........plus MI DAD WONT BE HERE :'(. I hate mi life......y cant i just....die?
On the way to school this morning I hit a dog.&nbsp; The impact of the car killed him, almost instantly I think.
had a lovely few days up north with my fella. didn;t want to come back :(  but i am back and back at work too.... i so desperately want to escape that i'm even letting mum and dad have their way and ak attending the bloody fame academy auditions next week. god, how low can i go?&gt; ^_~  i wish i had new stuff to show....but i don't :(
john left for college on friday. i have never been more sad in my entire life and i dont even know what to do with myself now. we have been on the cell for like 24/7 and i miss him soo much. leave me some love comments i need it :(  *StEpHie*
I can't believe I've been gone for almost a month!  I was really sick.  I miss all of my LJ friends. I bet they don't even remember me anymore. :(
So.... tonight Ryan and I found out he got accepted to the Academy of Art University in San Francisco. He will be leaving to start school for their Summer Semester 2005. He will be gone in about 3 months.  I'm so proud of him, this is going to be exactly what he needs and deserves.   But... The person i've spent everyday with for over a year...will be gone...in 90 days......
Sometimes things get tough and things change, but no matter what happens, I want to always be in your life. I want to be your shoulder to cry on, your best friend to  laugh with, I want to always be your friend, no matter what happens. I hope you feel the same. &lt;3
So...this is how married life is? I get to stay home and take care of everything while he gets to kick it with his homies...everyday! I'd rather never be married...I guess, well I know, That I'll be happy again someday...huh? I wish I didn't feel this way but I do...and it sucks...I love my husband to death but it just ain't working.
I've erased things I've said over the last couple of days, only because they ruined my life. My suggestion for anyone that reads my live journal. I used this as an out from the world. This isn't who I am and don't base decisions on what I say in my journal. I hope that things will turn around for me. I shouldn't have ever created this journal. This the last time I will be writing in it.
Mattie Stepanek, the 13 year old poet with muscular dystrophy passed on yesterday.  Godspeed Mattie.  You will be missed.   Story on MSNBC     Story on CNN    Story on Oprah.com.  He and Oprah were good friends.
Markie died.  She was 13.  We dug a grave in the front yard and put her in it facing east.  I don't know the last time I saw my mom cry.  I had never seen Greg cry.  If I think too much more about her, I'll just start again.
Happy Valentine's Day to all!  I had a bad day at school.  At home I had some yummy treats.  How was everyone else's day?  Oh oh and someone sent me a Valentine's Day card. *Blushes*
Right when I think thing are finally starting to go my way, it all blows up in my FUCK FACE! I fucking hate life. All I want to do is go home and no. I fucking can't why does life have to be so damn hard. I just wanna fucking kill everyone is this damn STATE!!!!!!!!!!
well today was actually fun...i got to see meghan..actually for the 1st time outside of school..so we cried cuz i wont see her again for a long time...
For those of you I haven't already told, my Great Aunt Hetty Hethelyn Miller died today at 8:00 a.m. in a hospice in Phoenix, Arizona.  She was 93 years old and died of Stage 4 cancer of everything.  She was a wonderful lady, and I intend to write a farewell to her here, but I can't do that until I stop crying whenever I type.  She is much missed.  I can't believe she's gone.
R.I.P Cuddles...  You were a silly ball of fur at times, with about 4 brain cells.  You were often positioned exactly where I needed to step...and you were about the least cuddly cat around!  ...but you were darn cute. And i'm going to miss you.
I miss him. I miss our friendship. I miss chattin with him. I miss being all wacky and weird, I really miss it. SIGH. We are so "stiff" with each other now, tis painful... So sad it's come to this. SO SAD..
don't ask me, I am struggling with that right now.  4 years and I am not happy....go on?  I don't think so.  I love him but he is a jerk, and I don't think it will work any longer or I will kill him.  I am so heart broken...I NEED MY BEST FRIEND IN THE WORLD...but she moved.  :(  What do I do?
the cops have been calling me a lot lately and it makes me REALLY nervous. I don't know what to do...ahh. I feel like shit. I tried to call him back but I couldn't reach him. Today was the worst day. I cut myself a few timess at worka nd I feel like shit and I dunno. I just want to cry a lot. Dan is being stupid...and I don't know why. but i have to go.
pope john paul, when i woke up this morning, had worsened. and now he is unconcious. it's very sad. i'm watching the news and it's all dark in st. peter's square outside the papal residence except for the lite on in the pope's room. he has already been giving last rites...but has not officially passed away.
I'm not too excited about it, but I'm moving to Rich Hall.  I am excited to get away from Holly and to have my own room, but I'm really going to miss the rest of Claflin 5.  So yeah I should be happy, but I'm really sad.  I'll get over it I guess.    If anyone wants to visit little old me, I'm living in room 800 :)
I'll cry Over and over again, Waste all these tears  And in the end I still  Will not have accomplished   Anything
I am sad.  I am also pathetic. Hey look, livejournal changed.   Yes, I watched the debate last night.  Yes, I will watch all of them.  No, I still don't like politics.  That is all.
Goodbye to you Goodbye to everything I thought I knew You were the one I thought I loved The one thing that I tried to hold on to...    [Private]  He wants to talk...this can't end well can it?  [/Private]
It's about 48 hours out and I'm making the last entry in this LJ, at least for a few weeks.  Please, if you pray, offer one for me.  I have so much to come home to, and a boy who I love beyond sense and reason and life itself.  May God bless all of you until I talk to you again.  J.
Maybe it's just becaue I'm tired and lonely and stressed, but it really seems like flagstaff is a lot happier without me. I mean... I don't think anyone even notices I'm gone, if nothing else. Except Jake... he notices. Thanks Jake. And my family in Phoenix notices...  *sigh*  I've made no impact, despite my good intentions.
great, i have only been up for 45 mins and today is already drama filled and shitty. this might be the worst new years eve ever :(
Sometimes I wish I was religious. I wish I believed in God and had some false hope that it will all work out and that everything happens for a reason. I don't get why certain things happen. There's nothing to pray to or rely on.
I know im not catholic.....but  please keep Pope John Paul in your prayers (or whatever you believe).  He has been a great influence on the world, and a person that would be sorely missed by all religions.
my fish Blue died today.  you're my boy blue.   i close my eyes, only for a moment then the moment's gone....  (yes i named him after the old guy in old school)  :(   my poor dead fish.
I fell so sad and depressive the last few days and i dont know why! Maybe its because i am not so good in school....but i dont think so. Actually i dont find no reason why i am so sad.... Yesterday i went to a jazz concert which was awesome and i had the chance to drink as much as i want, beacause my musicschool payed everything, but i drank coffee and some juice!!!! Thats wierd...
I just asked Brandon out and he said no.  I don't think my feelings would get hurt but they did.  So now I am little upset. I actually thought I would get my first boyfriend tonight, but again I was wrong.    He says I am too god for him and he can't stand the thought of him hurting me, but by me asking I am willing to.
It late and im bored now,  but have started to make a game with Shadowman and Cain, its an extreme golf game with a timer you have to complete the map, crazy golf stylieeee  Hav't really got much more to say becuase i talk to all on irc everyday!  I dought ill be going out tonight as i dont have much money!  I need a job!
No more tai-chi, no more long term investments, no more minivan (broken in the driveway), no more alcohol, no more smokes, no more electromagnetic compatability, no more DJing, no more fattening foods, no more expensive lunches, no more web design, no more anything.  life has begun.
Wow, I'm having another one of those times where I feel hideously unattractive and hated by all. And that's weird because sometimes I feel drop-dead gorgeous. I don't know which feeling to belive.   Good thing I have pills so I feel okay most of the time and I don't have to think about it lots.
I wanna go draw in the oekaki, but for some reason, it won't show up! ;_; My internet sux! *kicks comp many times* I wanna go draw!  Well, apart from that, I have a few ideas for my site: Catlight = where I'll put all my stuff [no name yet] = a clamp shrine and maybe a hanagata shrine! [can't belive there are none on the net]
Now more shit is happening.....The cops come to the door and say that I was threatening some little girl's life, when i didn't say a fucking thing and I believe that there were no little girls there. I don't want anymore of my dad's help. I don't even know what to say.....I'm just gunna go....I have things to think about....
i sold the car yesterday. they're coming to pick it up/make everything official this afternoon. so i offer this farewell haiku:  angry blue old car you sucked less than my last one iPod will console
El JaY duz suk no becuz i nevah got da coopun frum muh invyte cod. no emale 4 muh. sew no i no b rych.
My cute little albino fish is now dead. I suck at having fish and now my other fish is lonely.  At leaste i have the mouse that Meghan and Tyler gave to me. I have named him Buster, from arrested development.  Last night i danced really hard and had a great night. And now i have to go to work and i want to die... like my fish.
Yet another night...  Today was the vigil for TJ, I couldn't go.  I just couldn't bring myself to go.  I don't handle death really well.  I will definately go to the funeral, but today, I just couldn't do it.  Going home tomorrow for Easter.  Going to find something to do now...  ~Peace~
TJ died :(  That's so sad.... I'm glad I got the chance to hang out with him on New Years Eve.  I'm sad
Another year and what have I really accomplished in my time on this planet? nothing really I really hate this day =[
I am saddened by the fact that I do not have a sewing machine yet, Sakuracon is next month, Crystal Method is tomorrow, and I have $24.95 in my bank account.  It's going to be another wonderful birthday this year.
well looks like u all r start n to do it soo .....   If you read this, even if i don't speak to you often, you must post a memory of me. It can be anything you want, it can be good or bad, just so long as it happened. Then post this to your journal. See what people remember about you....
jhonn balance of coil died saturday night he was easily one of my favourite musicians he was too drunk and fell off of his 15 foot balcany... how sad.  i learn this news in a state of horrible hangover.
The New Year in Jakarta was very quiet. People still feeling sad after tsunami hit Aceh,Sumatra Utara. More than 80,000 people died. Most of them are children...too young to die. I'm really...no...we all Indonesian really gratefull for the help from other country. We here also give money, clothes, medicine,all that we can give to Aceh.
I am going to miss you so much...but I am so glad we got to have our last dance to White Snake. Thank you so much for all your help during the shitty days, and if you ever need that kind of help I am totally here for you.   And remember you've always got Space Jesus and Space Muhammed on your shoulders.   I love you so much and PLEASE don't change.
Merry Christmas! It doesn't feel like Christmas to me. There's something missing and I'm a little drunk.  just a little though.  hmm...well i should get to bed or santa won't have time to put the presents under the tree. I hope everyone had a nice time and was safe. &lt;33 I love you punkin. Merry Christmas...(even though it's just another day.)
i realized. that we're only this way for now. it'll be there but unspoken if things change. and i need things to change for him. but i dont want to let go, for me. why does everything have to be so complicated?
cell phone computer door knob fridge notebook no period fat ugly yesterday today "mads" "jazz" stupid don't understand anything ms stezano MAKE THIS WEEK END RIGHT NOW
I have no one to call when I feel sad and just want to talk about nothing. I tried to call Matt but he just made me feel worse. This makes me even sadder. No one to call.
Read this   I am still crying from this story. Imagine how many other confined animals that don't get this opportunity to say good-bye.   We live in a cruel world. Maybe we should be the ones stuck in cages.
This morning my Aunt Vicki died, around seven am.  This has been a hard last couple of weeks with her in the hospital.  I don't really know what to say.  I'm not good at dealing with emotions, especially bad ones.  All I know is I don't like death, nor do I like taking about it, I hope this will help.  I hope Vicki is in a better place now.  I love you Vicki.
This is a very sad bit of  local news .    I saw it on the local news, and thought it was sad, but then I heard that the man that died was a friend of my friend Lorna's son Mark.  Suddenly it's a who lot more personal.  :(
Why does love have to hurt? Why does love have to leave emotional scars? Why does love have to torment and judge and hate and bring pain? Why does love have to be so far away from me? I hurt. I wish he was here. He's so far away. I want to go back home.
i wish i had never quit school, for alot of reasons. one of them are going to all the events. i wish i could walk, im sure my family would of been proud of me if i did. i miss school. :( i want to go back but its to late. damn i hate myself for it, i was so stupid when i was younger.
Still can't believe that I'm leaving tomorrow. Friends arrived Wednesday evening, and they are going to take me back to Bavaria. Feels weird sitting here, knowing that in just a few hours, I won't be a trainee any longer, but a student again.
I shouldn't even be expending the energy to punch the keys to type this, but damn I'm having a bad day.  Crying and everything.
You can got to China town to see this stuff. Asin people have such preety clothes.  picture of asian girl  http://img26.exs.cx/my.php?loc=img2 6&image=asiangirl1fw.png
Willis died, I wasn't that sad at first, but now... I have an empty fish tank... that says Willis on it... wow... Best fish ever... I mean 3 1/2 years (practically) is good right...
Why would anyone think I would want Kerry to win? Somebody made a comment from a post I made a year ago which truely saddened me. I've just been so busy to write here, besides, my husband has the CIA watching over my shoulder all the time now so I have to be careful.  I know this was a short update but I do have to go make my husband a turkey pot pie, I'm so tired of making them.
All thats left is 2 red envelopes, a fleeting memories, and a few gifts from the aunts. Thats what happens when people come and go in such a short time. It was fun while it lasted though.  Anna, Aunt, and Aunt #2 were here from saturday night to this morning... I miss them. In loving memory of them I wore eye liner today... And no they're not dead...
A moment of silence seems like a fitting tribute.   John Peel, one of the best DJs in the business has signed off for good.
lol i was playn slap w my friends and my friend went to slap the deck and she hit my drink, which was nestea and rum, and it went all over me and in my eye.  then this guy starts talkin about his friend who is lost in iraq and it turns out to be dan heavner. i really hope he gets home safe, he just married tiffany.
I'm so confused and sad. Just when I think I'm happy and know what I want, uncertainty and despair come to bite me in the ass. I wish with every fiber of my being that I didn't care...
As I drove through the streets of downtown Los Angeles, I was struck by the many faces that called the sidewalk they're home.  All have a story, but only a few have hope.  I wish there was more that I could do, I will...
I have written, and rewritten this entry so many times...  I've lost someone special to me. There are no words...
Ya know..... maybe i wont have a partee.. and well all just meet at the beach some day during the break.... but i still want presents...hehehe  OOOO! "party" with presents at school!!!!!!!!!!!!
My birthday is on March 24th. Beach party first day of spring break. Post if you wanna come.....   hmmm I love the rain, and the cold....but why am i so down?  87 maybe..??
please tell me if there is somethign wrong with me.... dane and i just broke up and i mean we still want to be friends like we were at camp but i dont think that we will stay friends.... but i really want to know if there is like something wrong with me.... why cant i keep a guy for a long time... please help me
today wasnt a good day. i said some things that i regret. melissa is makin me feel better. GET OUT OF THE BATHROOM MELISSA!!!!!!!! lol!
IS THERE ANY REAL FRIENDS OUT THERE THATS WANT TO BE MY FRIEND????   my life honestly just get worse and worse and worse every singal day. when will this just stop??? knowing my luck NEVER!! (money really doesnt make happiness and it really doesnt even help a little)   i just need someone told hold but there's never anybody there to hold on to, and it just SUX!!!
I'm lying alone with my head on the phone thinking of you till it hurts  i know your hurt too but what else can we do tormented and torn apart i wish i could carry your smile in my heart for times when my life feels so low    I'm all out of love, I'm so lost without you :(
ok the guy that made my month great jsut totally crushed it! he likes sum1 else and ahh ok w/e ima b ok...maybe a lil mopy but iwill b fine. sum1 hlp....i cant get ne 1 i like...u guyz im soooo pitiful...i think ima turn neutral..no boiz for tasha ne more
To day has been a bad day, Remind me never to eat Caffiteria tacos again @.@   I have increadbly low selfestem, sometimes I feel like a selfish inconsiderate, ignorant, no good two faced, backstabing, stupid liar... -.-
Do you ever feel unwanted? Like if you didn't invite yourself places you wouldn't go... yeah... you do? hmmm, join the club
One of my hammies died today.    But, David Bowie is coming out with his Reality album, so that makes me happy.  I love David Bowie.  My hammies love him too.  I miss my little hammie.  But, I have 3 others to keep me company.   I held her as she died until he called, then my mother held her until she just sort of sighed and was gone.  I miss my poor hammie.    *goes to a corner and cries*
The Pope has died!!! I'm so sad, being catholic and all i thought he was a great man. I hope he didn't suffer that long. This is a sad day for the catholic community. I hope he is in a better place, let his soul rest in peace.
Tough lil bastard, isn't it.  My heart hasn't broken, but it seems to have developed some rather unhandsome cracks.  -David
sick... so sick... i cant even stop caughing, and my abs feel like they are about to explode... geezzz i hate this feeling... having a hard time breathing...  :(
So it bothers me when little boys from MySpace stalk me on AIm.&nbsp; Kinda freaky.&nbsp; And i hope he reads this too.. lol GO AWAY bastard....&nbsp; okay.
Do you think it was justified for state wildlife officials to shoot and kill a tiger roaming near a Southland residential area? Choice 	Votes 	Percentage of 2571 Votes Yes. 	629 	24% No. 	1797 	70% I'm not sure. 	145 	6% Thank you for taking our  survey .
http://www.thelouisvillechannel.com/ent ertainment/4335246/detail.html   I really, really hope it's an April Fool's joke. It's something he would do. If it is true... I wish I got to see him live like I was supposed to.  It's so sad.
Waaaaaah, payment to renew my paid status took too long! Back to free status.  Waaah. Double waaaaaaaah.  *rocks in corner*
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck.....this has got to stop....2 nights in a row i have had dreams about being back with brandon and i am tired of waking up in tears....why is this happening?!?!?!?
I am worried though too.. She might be driven off, not by me, but my family. Honor Means something, to her, More than I want ot think about.
My mom says that loving some one as a person is the same thing as being in love w/ them. Romantic wise i mean. Whats your take on it?    I miss being really close w/ Jamie. It makes me sad that we don't really talk alot now.
i just almost cried and i don't know why... all i really know is that i'm currently very late and letting people down.. i wonder if i was meant for this place, that place... or love... and where i will find it if i am even supposed to..  -The Fallen
Also, I feel like an idiot because I did it for John-- to understand why he liked to smoke out, what he saw in it.  And it backfired.
AHHHHHHHH! Stress! sadness and mayhem!  okay.... grandfather died today.... funeral next week. I miss him. finals is next week AHHHH!  Have to cram all finals in the next two days- along with move out.  I'm gonna die.  Roommates suck.
It is 3:50 Kim get it together!  You will not cry at work.  You will not cry.  It was your choice you know what it meant and entailed.  Pull yourself together.  NOW GET SOME FREAKING HOMEWORK DONE
I wish it was all a dream, but it really happened. I don't know what to do, what to say. Vince is dead. I only met him once or twice, but still, his death is hard to accept. He was only ten years old! Shelby is devestated. She won't talk to anybody. She and Vince were very close friends. This is her first real experience with death. I wish it was just a dream, that I could wake up.
alrighty kids i won't be online for the next 2 weeks at least cause i'll be at david bowie concert, field school, jmu, the cure concert, or more field school.  so wish me luck and if you need me give my cell a call:)   in the meantime, pray for collin libassi's family. i miss you collin and i hope everything works out.
Holy shit  Mitch Hedberg is dead.   Fuck...   Fucking shit.  Man...  Mitch Hedberg was a comedic genius.  We'll miss you Mitch.  [edit:  I don't really like cursing, nor do I find it very appropriate.  But... I felt this warranted it.  I mean, fuck, the man is dead.  Oh well.]
You were such an amazing person  You touched everyone that you met.  You mean so much to all of us.  I know that you are looking down on us from above and can feel the love that everyone has for you  I miss you, you will always be in my heart  Open the gates for me when i get there.
LiveJournal Haiku!       Your name:    willowflame      Your haiku:    around midnight last night i could not decide what color i wanted      Username:                Created by  Grahame
The last two days were the lowest points of my life. Dare I say what's up? No, I don't but I am fighting off negative thoughts and keep a bright outlook. I know I can turn this around. I just dont know when. That's enough for tonight.
so aj stepped on one of the kittens head and now it is dead. it was bleeding all over benny and he had just gotten here... poor thing!
I am so tired of being verbally abused.  I just can't take it.  I wish I could dissassociate myself and/or ignore it or whatever......but I can't do it.  I can't do support or any other thing like this again if this is all it's going to be.
It just hit full again. Talking about money. I feel so helpless right now.  I got "married" into a huge debt and I can't get out. But I can't leave the person.....because I love him so much.  I don't know what to do :(
im in my computer class now. nothing exciting is going on. i hate skool.  someone leave a comment on my journal !  ~~adam~~
Why do somethings bother me alot and others none at all? Why can't I be like everybody else and care about everything and everyone? I don't even know why I'm typing this. I guess I just needed to type.   Side Note: I like the internet...No one can sense how you feel by how you say something, because they dont hear how you say it...
I think we should have 1 minute's noise for Mr Peel.  I recommend as much punk, goth and anything off 4AD as possible, played at full volume.  I'm wearing black pants in his memory (well it's more his style than an armband!) :)
OMG today was the worst day ever! me and bill broke up last nite, and it ruind my entire day! god n now all these ppl hate me b/c i broke up with him!  well ya kno wat... to all the ppl who hate me! im sorry! i didnt want anybody to get hurt in all of this!   this is exactly wat happend last year, lets just hope it doesnt end the same!!!!!!!!!!      -Sue
You are Bella, the Romantic Goth! You would love to live in the time of Byron and Shelley. People probably call you Elvira or Morticia. But you are above them, those poor foolish mortals.    Where Are You on the Gothic Colour Spectrum?   brought to you by  Quizilla
A bad story made as short as possible... Working... 2:20pm... phone call from my mom... dog taken to vet... my mom and Beth come home alone...
Why can't i do anything right?  at all...                        "My heart is yours to fill or burst..                                to break or bury                               or wear as jewelry                              whichever you prefer"
stop the car ///and just hold me, &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;just touch me &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [ let me feel your hand in mine ]    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;anything to let me know that you're still sitting next to me
a year ago in march my family and i had to put my childhood dog Shadow to sleep.   late last night at the emergency after hours animal hospital, we had to put my 5 year old pug Gizmo to sleep.   i feel nothing but heartache. constantly.   the house just doesnt feel the same when i enter.
I'm going to quit LiveJournal- well, posting, at least (I'll still comment, don't worry!).  LJ has caused most of the arguments in the last month, and therefore, it can't really be a good thing, can it?  So I won't be far, I just won't be HERE anymore.  This actually is a pretty sad moment for me, which only increases my certainty that this is a good move.  Bye, folks.
alright my official spring breaks starts on the 5th through the 9th plus that weekend and this weekend... I don't have school on fridays so I'm am now on vaca!
my internet still sucks. i'm really bored for some reason, and yet, i still don't feel like doing the piles of homework i COULD/SHOULD be doing. this weekend is not going to be fun...
I'm not much for christianity, but it makes no difference what religion someone is when they're as inspiring as the pope was through his lifetime.  I'll always admire who he was, but for now, I'll leave the poetic farewells to the rest of the world.
Sometimes it's the big things, sometimes it's the small things, sometimes it's the good things, sometimes it's the sad things, but always it is all things.  Some impromptu poetry that I didn't know I was gonna write. Working or thinking or unwinding or something.  Not asleep yet.
Being so empathetic really fucks me up sometimes.  I can't deal w/ this. I feel so inadequate.    Minyan is too soon.
Feel the warm wind touch me, Hear the waters crashing.  See my windows wiping clean, It's my recurring dream.      SAFE JOURNEY, PAUL
brian its rude to say that you just dont give a shit about someone. that hurts my feelings. jesus, espcially since you say it behind my back. ughhh
I should just keep myself to myself, and not bother trying to help anyone ever again..  ..I always screw it up anyway.
so i feel incredibly in my body right now, and just so damn happy.  I feel like I'm not carrying around this burden that I seem to always ignore.  I want to feel this way all the time.  I think I'm making progress in whatever it is that I'm supposed to be making progress in.  Life?  Something like that.
Di malam begini kumerasa sepi Bertemankan bintang bagai menjadi saksi Aku menyendiri di malam begini Bertemankan bulan menyinari lagi
This Doktor is very depressed over the passing of the One and Only.   Obituary   "There he goes - one of God's own prototypes. Some kind of high powered mutant never even considered for mass production. Too weird to live, and too rare to die."
Today is not a good day.  Actually today is a really sad day, but I don't know if I am at liberty to talk about it yet.  But when I know if I can, I have a feeling I'll be talking about it alot.  Love Love
Father I've sinned over and over and over and over again sorry my friends I'm such a mess I'm doing the best I can She says "where ya goin? where ya been?" She says "I don't want you hanging out with them"  She leaves like she's never coming back again    on and on... it goes on and on YEA
Attention Crew:   It is with a heavy heart that I must inform you that       expendable_crew    has died tragically.  There was nothing I could do. He might have survived falling on the kitchen knife and catching on fire, but then   this happened   and it was all over.  I am sure we will remember Expendable Crewman fondly.  I know the Captain will have some inspirational words for us all.
Ave atque vale, Chris. Requiescat in pace, et in paradisum dudecat angeli.  I don't know what to say.
so sick of nightmares. and my math teacher, who made me cry again. just like yesterday. my day was one prolonged anxiety attack. NEED sleep desperately. also need new alix olson album AND book, to stop listening to this song, and to curl up in kel's arms and cry.  would settle for just the last. quite happily, in fact.
five weeks to the leaving. today laura asked me to to the south island for two weeks. I don&#8217;t want to leave the dojo. Going to the south island means to leave the dojo three weeks before my expectation and reduces  dramatically the number of lessons. Don&#8217;t know what to do.  For the first time in my life i feel a leaving as a bad thing.
I understand that the TV chief folkees are trying to reverse the obesity trend, particularly in the young. This is good, and I see the reasoning for it and so on.  But really,  some things  must be kept sacred. Seeing him devour an apple while getting bits everywhere just won't be as good.  ...Not that I still watch it, of course, I'm talking nostalgia/cynicism here.
no not the end as in the end of high school silly, the end of the 2 year long every sunday night tradition of Chem/CEG night...:-(
I'm all sad and stuff. I'm going to try to cheer myself up. Oh! The Disco-very Channel! *Click FZZZT!*  It's "Wild Disco-Very", my  favourite  show on the channel! Ooh, this one is about the life of planes. Oh, wow: this one is hunting!         So  that's  what planes eat. Planes are graceful but deadly predators...
Everything is weird. Michelle is not here, my room is almost empty, and I have to go home. I know I have been not updating alot lately, but since there isn't anything else left to do, I will be doing this alot more. I don't have a lot of time, I have two hours to get my shit out and still have so much to do. Well, this is me signing off from 211 Voto.
A good day until 2.00, last hour though not so good - not good at all. Just feel shit, and im running out of ideas on what to do. Wont go into exactly what happened as i don't like/wont people to think that i can't cope.  Won't to come home in a postive mood.
I miss you.  and i know it's never gonna be the same again.  Please don't hate me,forgive me please im sorry. I'll still be here for you if you ever want to talk to me. xxx
when i was really little, i would get sad a lot, and my mom would put on this song to make me feel better. it was this really calm, soothing type song, but i never knew what it meant because it was sung in irish gaelic. i found out the translation is just-  Life of lives Beginning to the end. We are alive Forever.  ...repeated.  how perfect.
Jerry Orbach, known best for Law and Order, passes away   His singing voice was awsome---I will have to play my CD of the Fantastiks in his honor tonight.  I have to admit, my interest in Law and Order the past few seasons was pretty much only because of him.  I should get around to picking up the games he's featured in, while I can.
My beloved do blue(dog) has left us and moved on to a better place. I'll post some pics of her latter.
Sometimes I think about the things that were and the things that might have been. I think back on those bittersweet moments because, while never perfect, they were some of the best parts of my life. And they will always be.  Never be afraid to take chances.  [C]
My Bike got stoled to day =( ..... I'm getting it replaced with a silver and purple one...... PURPLE FOR GOD SAKE! I HATE that colour =(
It's sad to think that Ryota is pretending I'm a girl everytime we get together. He says that is not the case, but i seriously doubt it.  And why can't he accept me for who i am? For being weak?  DOes he think i am strong all the time? Hell no.  Damn it...i don't know what to do anymore. Maybe i'll leave Fujisawa for a while to think things out....
"I'm Gary Bettman, and i'm the biggest idiot ever."  Today is a sad day. The NHL season has been officially cancelled. :(      On broken wings i'm falling, and it won't be long...
I'm am writing this with my cousins looking over my shoulder. It's my last day with them. I'm going home tomarrow. That makes me sad.
My Uncle Jim died late last night early this morning. We all thought that he would make it to election day...
It was my birthday last weekend.... Lots and lots of family stuff...  I saw my Uncle this weekend and his kidney cancer has spread to his bones, lungs and his liver. His daughter was trying to get him into a cancer research study to hopefully get his cancer into remmission but he was rejected for NIH. He now has only a few months at best to live.
For those who hadn't heard. Comedian Mitch Hedberg was found dead in his hotel room I think two days ago in New Jersey. He was 37, and the cause appears to have been heart failure, and whether it was brought on by his known health issue or possible drug use is so far, unknown. He was an awesome comedian, and apparently a great guy too.
Mitch Hedberg actually died, oh man... I was just watching his stand-up and I didn't want to believe it. I thought maybe it was some bad april fools joke!  Lilian died about 2 years ago too, still makes me mad, and i still hate the idea of acupuncture  R.I.P.
What Does Your Inner Soul Look Like?::male and female pics:: by   angel_drifter        Name:           Favorite Colors:           What your Inner Soul Looks Like:           Your Weakness:    Love      What you Are:    Healer               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
100 days to go.  I'm scared JKR will make Snape do Bad Things.  And I think I saw Elijah Wood today. Does anyone know if he's in NZ?
Have to be at the airport in two hours Haven't packed Stuff everywhere Terribly hungover Don't want to leave  At least the weather is crappy So it's weaning me back into Wellington  But still,  Party tonight
Henri Cartier Bresson died on Monday...    Legendary photographer Henri Cartier-Bresson has died at the age of 95.    Cartier-Bresson's work inspired generations and he was considered one of the greatest photographers of the 20th century. ...    (the whole news)
She tells her love while half asleep, In the dark hours, With half words whispered low: As Earth stirs in her winter sleep And puts out grass and flowers Despite the snow, Despite the falling snow.
i'm sad that spring break is coming to an end,  i really don't want to go back to charleston....i have friends there, buti just feel empty when i'm there....it just seems like it has changed so much. i loved it at first, but now i hate it.  i'm just ready for it all to be over.   on the plus side....all my rail tickets for europe came in the mail today.  now that IS exciting.
sometimes people do stupid things.  I am a person.  Therefore, sometimes I do stupid things.     WHY WHY WHY WHY!?!?!?!
i wanna die..i wanna die..i wanna die..i wanna die..i wanna die..i wanna die..i wanna die..i wanna die..i wanna die... I WANNA DIE!!!!
{BOOM!}  That was the sound of my head exploding.   Thank you for coming out tonight, folks. Be sure to tip your waitress. Next week's show will be same time, same place...
Ask me 4 questions. -Any 4, no matter how personal, private or random. -I have to answer them honestly. I have to answer them all. -In turn, you post this message in your own journal and you have to answer the questions that are asked of you.
April's Fool Day - it's past. I did not make any funny jokes today... Nobody did any fun of me. Something wrong... Am I getting old? Probably, this is because I was sick for last few days and was almost all day today at home. Maybe, I am losing my tradition and become someone else?
Well I think I'll be ok about the whole Jason thing for now, but I really like this guy I've been talking to for a few days now and he likes two other chicks. I don't think I'll ever find anyone. I honestly think I look bad and I dunno why Jason even ever liked me. He's the only guy who ever really liked me. I don't know why I have problems finding someone.
Yet so disappointing  http://sports.yahoo.com/rah/  Poor baby. Oh well. :( That's why its considered the tester of champions, this track is a grueling mile and 1/2. Some of the world's greatest racehorses have fallen short on this track.
While looking for ideas for something to do with my hair for bellydance I came across this article. How sad what religion does to personal expression.  http://inhome.rediff.com/us/2003/jun/16 iraq.htm
One of my rats died yesterday.  The very first pet I ever had, that was all mine.  I guess he was too old to carry on.  Remember he was the one with the brain parasites almost two years ago?  Poor guy...  Rest in peace, Sir Thomas Scribbles Potter Esq.  You were always beautiful to me and always loved.  Thank you for being my pet.
it sucks. it really does.  and frankly, it's pathetically sad.  i hate it.  makes me go to the 24h mobile for b&j.  i really really dont like this anymore.  :'(
today ben,cory,jordan,james,and buddin came over we basically just chilled and skated my rail all day long now they just left and im bored
Which Band Should You Be In?  by   couplandesque        Your Name           Band Name    Green Day       Role    Vocalist       Trademark    Hair Colour Changes Constantly       Love Interest    Guy Who Works At Wal-Mart                Quiz created with MemeGen  !       Yay for me I get to be in Green Day
hey y'all this is friends only now, so you'll have to be logged in to read the entries. right. meagan and erin y'all just log in as me.
Don't you hate how you can't control who enters your dreams???...Some people it just hurts to see. At least for me....grrrrr...Get out of my dreams!!!!
hate change hate adjusting hate seeing him everyday (kind of hard not to seeing as he lives 10 metres away) i hate thinking and assuming and knowing hes after someone else why do boys not care about things like these? i  liked  him too much
fuck you.  thats all i want to say to you. but i cant.  cuz im scared to.  you said you wouldnt end up hurting me.  but you lied.  so fuck you.  i dont know what i was thinking in the first place.
i need some barbed wire, 3 baby dolls, some rusty nails, a couple large bolts, a red light bulb, and a naked woman  send resume   sexy
Tyler.  Is it really that hard to call?  Just PICK UP THE GODDAMN PHONE and DIAL MY NUMBER!!  GOD..... Although, it's nice to dwell on the less important things.  It keeps me afloat.  I'm scared I'm slipping into that sad depressed phase again.  oh god, please don't let that happen again. that was awful.
I loved him so much. I loved watching his chest rise and fall as he slept. I loved&nbsp;looking into his eyes. I loved how he'd listen to me for hours. I loved how even though we hadn't known each other for long, he felt so close to me.
This morning, I had what can only be described as a Nyquil hangover.    ... easily solved ... I took Dayquil.    Darn this relentless, never-ending, cruel and respitorily-contricting flu!  22 days til I get to be home. 26 days til I get to be warm.
I saw him today...  My Secret Agent Lover Man.  ...he wasn't as perfect as I'd wanted, and so now I'm left Secret Agent Lover Man-less. Whatever shall I do?
You brought life to those around you ... you touched our hearts in so many ways ... now, even though things didn't turn out the way we expected ... you'll be in our prayers ... and we know that you're in a better place right now ... R.I.P. Laura Beaton 04.14.04 ... we'll miss you.       Christian, Laura, Me, Chris & Amy @Ken's 21st birthday celebration last semester ...
worked suckkked ass. the stupid lesbian who works there wait theres like 4 ok so the lesbo named mary decides to yell at me and i guess i am just stupid and retarded w.e and then me and my dad got in another fight and i aid i dont like you and then when we got home he just left and i feel horrible. im such a horrible person :( crying to the max
Mark: April 2, 2005  Pope John Paul II passed away. May God hold his soul and guide him into a peaceful surrounding.
So I found out this morning that my oboe teacher of 6 years died two days ago of cancer.  She was recieving treatment and was doing fine but then she died all of a sudden.  RIP Ms. Famous, you will be greatly missed :(   PS: Lindsay, you now have me addicted to Michael Buble!
we live in a beautiful world and some people have such painfully beautiful souls that it makes you want to cry  I hope they will be truly happy later in life, because they deserve it.
I found out, yesterday, that Ashentaine -a fur who I met on FurryMUCK years ago- passed away back around March 1st.  He took his own life, by all accounts.  I only hung out with him for a few months but fell out of touch with him for the intervening years.  I don't know what to say or how to feel other than to hope he's at peace.  Yours, Sylvan (Dave)
I ran over a cat tonight.  I looked around for it afterwards, but I couldn't find it, so I have no idea what happened to it.  I'm so sorry... On top of my sadness I feel guilt, even though I know there was nothing I could have done to avoid it, it happened so quickly...  *sigh*  God, please watch over that cat, whatever its fate may be.
Pope John Paul II is about to be buried.  I'm far from Catholic, but he will be missed by me.  He was a remarkable person.  There will never be another like him. :(
stop it.  in and out.  up and down.      nyahh haha do u ever wonder if people know what ur talking about.  oh well.  i need to move on.  physics.        but i also need to blog. and blog.   need a new lj.
i wonder.  remember.. post-drama days.. kept hugging everytime we meet the juniors..                                       wondering how itll be next year.
Early this morning i hunted a little bit, then logged. In the afternoon, I decided to log again, only to find that LOA server ain't available. Dep/Ken/Test servers were working for me fine, but not LOA. If anyone has any info about this, pls post a comment here... I didn't do a thing to my comp today o.o
events of the day:  8am - woke up, showered, got ready for work 9am - ate breakfast, lounged around the house 945am - dropped by starbucks before heading into work 950am - got into a car accident   and so goes the rest of the day... crap and more crap.
Dammit I wish that I'd have gotten some tickets to that Jolie Holland show.  I'd run down there right now, but I doubt that they'll be selling tickets at the door and after the show has started.  Dammit I'm tired of being too timid to leave my room and schoolwork that I probably won't even bother doing tonight after all.
I'm sad to hear of the passing of Hunter S. Thomson.   It's some small comfort to think that he probably died the way he wanted to.  R.I.P.
today i went to church... went to subway... went to dads. then mom came and got me. im at her house this week.  made a mix cd of songs that remind me of sum one uhm tahts about it im eating M&M's and reading YM at the moment.  im going to a play at church tonite they are coming to get me around 5:20 so like 5 min or so...  so yeah i best get ready ciao
...R.I.P. 1988 Oldsmobile Cutlass Cruiser wagon...   ... i &lt;3 you and will miss you muchly!!!...especially sice i never got to drive you... :'(  ::sniffle::       ...i'm far too emotionally attached to my cars...i dunno what i'm gonna do when my Sunfire goes...
...r.i.p. lil Audrey...  ...even tho you weren't mine, you were still the cutest kitten ever...   ...i'll miss the lil kitty sneezes, shoulder naps and snot bubbles... :'(
Baby shame on you, if you fool me once Shame on me if you fool me twice You've been a pretty hard case to crack Should've known better but I didn't And I can't go back      Nothing is going good right now...
the GOOD: We won our game today 6-4 everyone played AMAZING! Good Job Ladies!  the BAD: Today was Aris last day and it was sad  the GOOD: I saw the red socks trophy today (lol)   the BAD: I got hit with the ball when i was up to bat and I have yet another bruise  leave one please
I love you courtney.  I miss you, when are you coming back to oregon so I can at least have yahoo with you again?  Michael misses you too.
If you read this, even if i don't speak to you often, post a memory of me. It can be anything you want, it can be good or bad, just so long as it happened. Then post this to your journal. See what people remember about you
fourteen days endured, i guess  eventually your neural network is so  impressed with someones patterns, that you  become unfortunately disposed to entertaining  them within you.   ascii large
People ruthlessly depreciate the importance of the moment.  The two halucinations we call past and future are the weapons of choice.
because I feel trapped, I've turned into the exact person I didn't want to be, why did I let this happen to me, why did I allow this to happen to me? why did I go astray from my plan and think I could have a happier life if I chucked it, oh yea I know where that lovely little idea came from, sons of a bitch! how and when can I get those years back to fix them, oh yea I CAN'T!
im leaving in a few hours to go to my dads house. i swear, if hes a douche bag like usual, i will flip out at him. uggghh god i hate going, he always pisses me off to the point where i have no idea what to do.  the only good thing is the fact that my baby sisters are there. i love them to death.  i should go pack. see you on saturday.
I can't fall asleep because I know that when I wake up, the last day will be here.  It feels like it's only been a week since you came home and now you're leaving again.  What will I do with you so far away?
ive been sick for 3 days, and mu grandfather has been in the hospital twice. they think he's having more minor strokes. he's constantly dizzy and cant walk without hanging on to something. granny says he's only getting worse. im sad.
well i'm happy i passed the test at work today, really well, but my boy is sick. he's had diareaa and gave back 2 bottles tonight. poor little guy. :(
Text from Charlie on my phone this morning:  'Wow!  Possibly our best gig yet!'  Grr.  Virgin trains should be poked repeatedly with a very pointy stick.
well ive decided tomorrow to get down to some work after Charmed. Cut the end of my finger properly open this morning it was gross so much blood. Watched Sharks Tale this morning it was ok, but seriously overrated.  Had some surprising news about my family this morning,  having a bad day mood wise.
I had to steal this from purpleallison, because it was just  too cute and I've been really depressed, so gimme hugs please!           *HUGS* TOTAL!  give leanashe more *HUGS*     Get hugs of your own
i don't think i can give you what you want so i'll just take it all away ...sorry. but you'll understand one day.
dieting is hard. i keep putting it off. this sucks. when i did lose alot of weight, i lost it in an unhealthy way, so its biting me in the ass now. fuck
I can't wait to leave  I"m tired of hurting.  People can be really nasty.   I wish things in my personal life could stay personal.  I feel like my life is an open book for all to read.     "you can even ask Lindsey N, she pratically told the entire Jazz choir"
I have nothing more to say....                    This might be my last entry...no one comments anymore unless I ask them to, and I just have nothing else to say...Chrome is dead. (not the person, the Chrome in my heart)
..pull it together, i read kenny's email, and i can't stop crying, i am hiding behind the desk, its safe there. but a weird lady just came in and i have to out there and make sure she doesn't steal anything. ::sniffs sniffs:: i have not cried in so long. i lost a dear friend, at least i feel i did.
Got accepted to Seneca. For General Arts and Sciences.         BUt why do I feel like such shit?   I HAVE CLEAN TEETH TOO WITH NO CAVITIES!
im so worried. i hope everyone is alright in san diego. i miss you guys and i love you all! take cares and be safe! i heard its never been that bad before. it sucks cause i cant even picture in my mind what san diego could look like. supposedly the sky is orange, and theres ash everywhere. damn it sucks to be so helpless.
Today was one of the worst days I've had in a while. I'm just so down and sad.  I hate it.  Between classes, the weather, and everything else.  I just don't want to.  I need a really big hug and a cat to sit on my lap and comfort me.  Cats don't care about anything but the fact that they love you and you love them.  That's all they need, right now, that's what I need.
hey all its another snow day they are kinda getting on my nerve i hate shoveling but oh well i'll manage. today is tuesday agen and its boring and sucky already. *sigh* i wish i had someone to lend me their problems so i can forget mine.... but it seems like there will never be anyone like that so i dunno..
went to kings dominion today w/ my family and emily, we had fun. i love you ems.  that's about it. not in a really good mood. feel like CRUD. i feel so bad...  uh.. well i'm going to bed.  good night briTT
why do i always screw up.  its inevitable.  i cant have an awesome day without screwing up somehow turnign it to the crappiest day.  what more can i say other than im sorry.  i dont know why i screwed up i just did... im sorry.
Thank you for making everything perfect.  Thank you for making me have so much fun I forgot about everything else except us.  Thank you for making me realize even more how lucky I am.  Thank you for loving me and being so easy to love.  Thank you for all the memories you have given me. You make it so hard to walk away.  I love you!!!!
I made a new screename lastnight. Ok, I made 2.   solitairexca  and  stillxthexonex  Right now Im on solitairexca though.. dont know when Ill use the other one. I also have  Clack Is Whack  linked, so IM me to let me know you have solitairexca so I can unlick Clack and re-link  o MizzCrystal o .
Jody looks good today. I met her at da HC and I guess she went to Goodwill and stole some shit. HAHAH.   I'd hit it.  She sang me a song about Davey and it made me laugh and feel bad for her. She loves him.
i just cut my bangs. they  were extremely long. they were below my eyes, i just cut them above my eyebrows. the rest of my hair is untouched. it is still to my shoulders. and big.  webcam in a few days. blahh#@%(#)*%)@#%
Hey journal,  Pope John Paul II has died at age 84.  He will always be remembered for his fight against Nazi Tyranny, Communism, and for his relgious values.  Let him rest in peace.  Catholics and Non-Catholics alike can celebrate the life of a great man.
I know it get's tough being away all the time.  You and I,  We've been through harder times.  There are a lot of things you could say or do to hurt me,  I see you holding back your thoughts...to spare my feelings,  but, baby saying nothing at all.  that's what hurts me the most.  Please tell me that we are going to be alright.
I just got off the phone with my ex.&nbsp; He just got a new girlfriend and is on the other side of the world.&nbsp; I'm just feeling really brokenhearted right now.
all i wan to say is tat i lost my wallet lst thur.. i lost my ic ..   i very sad ..  got a new phone last week .. but lost my wallet .. haiz ..  si bei suay !~
I was very saddened today to hear about the violence in Spain. It is a criminal act against many defenseless people . I wish those that were injured a speedy recovery.  thats all I want to say for the moment....
I just read, “Postcards from the Edge,” an article in the Feb. issue of Oprah mag about the unspeakable violence inflicted on Congolese women.&nbsp; After sobbing, I prompted went  here  and donated.
"beth, im so fortunate to have met you.  you're an amazing girl and ill miss you a lot.  i'm glad we were able to grow so close"   :o( dont leave me!
My cousin is dead. My grandmother called me on Saturday and told me. He met two of his friends on Wed. night and they had a shotgun and they shot him. They're still investigating whether or not it was an accident. His funeral was yesterday but I didnt go. I couldnt. I should have gone over last summer. But I didnt.....
i came back from punta cana last night.. the first 3 days sucked cuz i ddnt kno anyone.. but then it got better.. i made tons of new friendz.. the ones that i usually hung out with were nicky, katie, dan, and like two other gurlz... it was soo much fun.. especially new years.. ( haha ) i miss punta cana  .. :'(..
I've been away from home for Christmas before.  I've stayed in Tampa a few years, I was at Notre Dame for awhile, but I've never been ALONE.  I was either with my family or with Brad, and now I don't have either of them.   This is the worst Christmas ever.
This afternoon when i wanted to feed my rabbits Foxy was acting a lil weird. He couldnt walk anymore. I took him out of the ren and wrapped him in a towel. He died in my arms.      Farewell Foxy
i really hate being a jealous person. i even had a dream about it last night which really sucks. but it's my fault...i fucked it up. i wonder when i will be over it.
Hunter S. Thompson  took his life this weekend. So sad.  Hunter was one of the names I had picked for Zoe if she were a boy. Hunter, Quentin Keough, Connor or Xander.     Dan wanted Ian Malcolm so that the baby would be I.M. Large but I digress. That's not the purpose of this post.   Farewell Hunter. May you find peace.
So the best way to start a Monday morning is NOT to come into work after forcing yourself out of bed, not even completely through with your coffee, click sleepily onto the internet icon,and discover that your favourite living authour has committed suicide.  )=
AAH!! i just found out something absolutely horrible and caryn you will be crying with me!!! ask me later im not sure its the best thing to post here. hahahhaha
wow that took alot out of me, i know there are some memories that i have left out, but i feel good about my progress so far, and i am only at age 9.
So...last week I got a call from my folks, giving me some Really Bad News about my brother and his family.&nbsp; That news I'm not going to elaborate on, simply because despite the (relative) anonymity of LJ, there are just some things not to be broadcast, regardless of said anonymity.&nbsp; But the News really set me off my game for the past week or so.
Hey everyone i'm sorry about today if I acted mean in anyway I didn't mean it and if I hurt your feelings i'm sorry I really felt bad later , And krissy sorry about math I just hada migraine all day and I didn't mean to be be so short with you please forgive me:"-(  sorry i love you bye...    With love,   Steph
We just lost a great man in the world.  Chris LeDoux died today from cancer.  He was only 56.  Me and Kristen seen him last year when he came to Ocala. It's sad to hear this.  Just sad.  www.chrisledoux.com
i don't think you get it. or you just ignore it.  but it's still there.  i wish  it  was still there too.
OMG~~~~ STOP asking me which high school i go to!!! i am NOT a high school student!!! i am ALREADY a COLLEGE student!!! goodness............ that is so wrong why? why? why? i dont want to hear that kinda question anymore i refuse to hear &gt;"&lt; &gt;"&lt; &gt;"&lt; chubby cici is now very very sad.....
usually i can make eddie call me by just thinking about him long enough... but i think my powers are broken due to the vast ocean between us.    he needs to come home again so things can be normal.      i would do anything to hear his voice.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;3
Aaaaaaaaaaaw, I knew there was a reason that I hesitated to make these...            ... from  Wild At Heart         ... from  New Moon Rising   Gonna go cry now :(  Actually gonna go read Biology.
as i was driving home tonight, a song by the Cult came on the radio. it conjured up some not so pleasant memories from when i was about 18 or 19, then about ten minutes later it came on again...  i am sad now, maybe my new icon will cheer me up.
A friend of mine is leaving, i just found out today, A friend of mine is leaving, words i could not say, all i know is down inside, there is a friend shaped hole.
Hunter S. Thompson  is dead. And like all true geniuses, it was because of a shotgun to the face. I swear...the smarter a person is, the more they realize that life just isn't worth living. It's a shame.
somehow knowing it was the right thing to do doesn't make it feel any better.  It's worrying about him that hurts the most.   ...and nighttime.
i just want to say that i love my little brother and he is great and he should never LET anyone think otherwise
May the soul of the Pope rest in peace.   Very strangely, I feel sad even though neither he nor anything related to him has had any bearing on my life.
I need a Tim Patch. Like a nicotine patch....to help me get over him.  i dont want to get over him.  i HATE being strong.
I finally went to doctor for my hand - it was getting worse, not better.  The current theory is carpal tunnel.  I've got an annoying ace bandage wrapped around my hand right now, and I'm supposed to go get a brace tomorrow.  Would carpal tunnel really explain why my whole arm is sore, though?
A friend of mine from university committed suicide on February 15th.  I found out from my friend who dated him for a long time.  I would really appreciate it if you could pray/send good karma/whatever you do for Darko's friends and family. This really saddens me.
First thing this morning: a terrible sinking feeling of realizing that what I just woke up from was only a dream, and the real world is so much colder, and sadder.  Oh well. Still nothing to do but go forward and live life.
The Pope is receiving Last Rites today. As a Roman Catholic, this makes me very sad. :( God Bless Him.
i'm very sad today. my friend pero (a.k.a. zono - the name he uses when he dresses like a girl for performances) moved to tokyo for his job.
rest in peace, winnie.  you were a wonderful dog, and you will be missed.     it certainly is quiet around here.
Well today like all days I have to go to work has sucked so far. This job is soooo boring. So slow. I need to get up and do something. Maybe I'll go smoke in a minute. Yesterday I did nothing after work except pick up some pic from walmart and go home and cook and clean. The photos are of my german shepards when they were babies. They were so cute and fuzzy.....
The sunset tonight is so beautiful against my dorm.  I just stood in awe looking at it and how beautiful it was.  It would have been an amzing picture too, but its just too damn cold outside...
ok so tired so here it si in format:  hours of sleep over 3 days:7  overview: overtired cried twice, bleh bleh didn't place talent show. got a superior in sr with all girls and ex. with per.3. got straight excellence's across the board   i'm getting kicked off so i'll esplain later 'Lucy!
Ok, Fred listen. I think I just want to be single for awhile. We had a nice time the other night yes, but I just don't need a relationship right now. I'm sorry.
Saw this recc'ed on       inkpuddle   's LJ, and just wanted to emphatically second it:&nbsp;  Mapmakers  by Casira.&nbsp; I'm in smitherines.&nbsp; Just so beautiful.&nbsp;
i dont know what to believe right now..i dont even want to bring it up because i know she wouldnt hurt me..but u know what ...she JUST told me she doesnt care..and i took it as she dont care about ME..so fuck it...!
Disorder      Rating        Paranoid :    Moderate       Schizoid :    Low       Schizotypal :    Moderate       Antisocial :    Low       Borderline :    Low       Histrionic :    High       Narcissistic :    Low       Avoidant :    Moderate       Dependent :    Moderate       Obsessive-Compulsive :    Moderate       --  Personality Disorder Test - Take It!  --
I got home yesterday night at around 8:30-ish. The train ride itself wasn't so bad, I was able to fall asleep for a lil while but the bad thing was leaving Jenny. I know it sounds like I'll never see her again, but I know I will. But leaving someone is just hard sometimes, and yes, I cried when I was on the train. I was a lil embarrassed by that but eh, it happens.
I really shouldn't be going stupid over a missing hat but after 3 hours of wondering around the mall aimlessly looking for its Nine West replacement, I feel like shit.  Been calling my friends and asking if it's lying somewhere in their houses but no one has seen it.   It's missing..my little red hat.  I want my Mommy. *sniffs*
Nothing really to say, I'm just jumping on the bandwagon and posting to see the April Fool's gag with the update button!  It's so hard to anticipate the Pope's death. He's the only Pope I've known. My Pope. Praying for him.
*paces around and gibbers to herself*  Whaddawedo? Whaddawedo? Gothmog doesn't know anything about children, how is she going to get a balanced education with THEM!? I'm no good at this sort of thing, I'm not a fighty-counter-kidnappy type, I'm a healing type, and it's not like she was really unhappy here...;_;
*Wanders around her island in Lorellin in a glorious strop*  I don't like people checking out of  hospital  Lorien without discussing it with me first and I don't like  death.  No death is funny, despite what my mun has to say about it. &gt;:(
Fellow Valar? Can we do something about this  bauble  Silmaril situation? The angst is giving me a headache. :S  *sets up The Ring of Doom*  *puts a flask of coffee and a plate of biscuits on a trolley at the back*
"...for while he doesn’t see America as Grandma Moses depicted it, or the way they painted it for us in civics class, he does in his own mad way betray a profound democratic concern for the polity. And in its own mad way, it’s damned refreshing."
Apparently there are some bad rumors going on about me and I dont even live there anymore! THIS SUX! Sigh well anything you hear isnt true...Im really not a bad person. Damnit!!! Rachel
i won't lie.                              i miss him.         i miss home. i know he's right in a weird sense.                             i want to make up. i MISS him.    but how can i?                 i can't find the strenght,                           and i'm still upset. i don't want to be a runaway again, like i was before.  but really?     i don't know HOW to come back.
i'm in the hospital bed, Emily next to me, i look striaght ahead and i see a mirror. in the mirror i see a girl. please tell me that's not me. that can't be me. that's not me.
~ People don't fall in love with whats right in front of them. People want the dream- what they can't have- the more unattainable, the more attractive.  ~What do you do when the only person who can stop you from crying is the same one who is making you cry?   ~ The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.
if you woke up and i was in bed with you, what would be your first thought?      (now post this in your livejournal and find out what mine would be)
Ok. I'm a little out of it. I have now just been informed that the Pope is doing horribly and Terrie Schiavo died.  Sad. Very sad.  All I can do is pray.
and so, once again, i walk alone.   i kinda saw it coming, but it's still a shock to hear.   it came down to religion.  it always comes down to religion.  i hate that word.
sucks you can never say anything like that about me, i honestly feel i mean nothing to you, you never say anything nice about me and this just adds to how hurt i was the other night when u s aid ud find someone else and treat them 20X better than u treated me...i must mean nothing
*CRIES AND CRIES AND CRIES AND CRIES AND CRIES AND CRIES AND EVEN CRIES SOME MORE*  YAH, I'M JUST A LITTLE TICKED THAT PHILLY DIDN'T WIN THE SUPER BOWL... THE PATRIOTS SUCK MAJOR A**!   G2G, IT'S MY BEDTIME!  BOO HOO SOME MORE.  love britt
so i got stood up today. it feels horrible. and i think im growing apart from all my friends. everyhting just going downhill for me. i quit. i just quit life alltogether. im tired, and i feel like SHIT.   ill glue a wig to my face and join the circus
Gary's mam called and said i spoke like a grown up on the phone. Gary cant come roun dtill SIX OCLOCKS! IM SAD! BUT HES STILL BRININ POKEMON BLUE!
so... my dad's appenix ruptured.  it happened fri or saturday mornin'. we (grandmother and me) were contacted saturday afternoon.  he's ok, it ruptured before he got the hospital though.  today he still has a fever of 100 somethin'. he may b able to leave the hospital on tuesday, but he can't leave until he has absolutly no fever.
if i hear any more bad news...fuck i dont know.    well shes leaving with him, and she couldnt even tell me herself. 2000 miles away and all she has to say is 'nothing will change'.     that broke my heart, right after she ripped it out.     i want to run away and never look back
so yeah...I know I should study..but I don't want to!!!1 I like french but um...I donno i'm tired and don't want to. It's only 15 point though so okay?  look!!! ---&gt;  http://www.sanrio.com/main/games/ga mes.html   don't talk to the mystical panda though...she's and idiot...but at least she um...admits it.   NEKO!!!!!!   okasan?......=(
One  from please save my earth and the rest are form Elle To Takura.  Please Tell me What you think =^-^=      1-   2-   3-   4-   5-   This one was made for Yaya aka= eifersucht on dead journal so no using it without her permison, oh yeah this one was also made by Angeliz     =^-^=
I MISS KELSEY. but im getting a drum set so thats cool. i got the new shadows fall cd. and im getting a t shirt im happy
I miss Cc lol grr my house is so fuckin boreing i want to go live ... idk not here at my house i hate this shit i have to watch madison till like 9 or 11 tonight sarah is workin at subway ahahah... but thats suck 4 me cause i gotta watch madi.grr i miss you cc...
hello.  how are you today?  mom says dad is fishing. i didn't sleep well without him last night.  i hope my  auntie bets  is having fun on her vacation. i wonder if shes gunna bring me back a dog cookie?  hope you have a fun day.  love  winnie
i should have known it was coming.  daddy left on a fishing trip with uncle johnny and grandpa bair.  he didn't even take me and benny.  well, i could see him not taking benny...but me?   first auntie bets...now daddy.
I just want the happy ending...  ________________  Patsy said it all when she wrote this song and Free makes it sound even hotter
why do i scare guys away???? i'm gonna cry...this is really depressing...sorry for being so depressing...i just think i totally scared matt away...screw being open with people...fuck.
Of course I care what those around me think of me, and more so from familiy and friends, but I must remember that there is only One for Whom it really matters...
i lost it, the only thing i ever got and its gone. i promised i'd keep it forever and now i cant keep it a minute longer because it's lost. now what do i do?
Today, my good friend Donnie lawson is leaving for seattle.He moved last year and a week ago he visited.Now a week has passed and he's gotta go. I'm really sad he's going.Possibly, the last time im seeing him is this morning around 11 AM.Me and Donnie had a great time over his visit, and i will miss him and his oddly shaped void.hehehe.....  Ill be missing you, Donner!!
Why do u say u love? when u than hand me a knife to stick inside my heart? Why do u make me cry and I'm suppose to be happy tonight? Just make sure u have a napking to clean the blood of the floor...!!! If I then broke the glass will u than hand me a piece of it too so that I can cut myself? I mean why don't u just grab it and cut me for yourself too? is not like u haven't done it before!!!!
ahh i feel so awful...i was just telling my boss how tracy hates pratt and i asked him if i could show her around.... and he went to pratt......ahhhh
I'm putting together a collage for Laura before she leaves.  It's making me so sad.  All the great memories...  The four of us- me, Laura, Samantha, and Ashley are having lunch on Thursday and it's going to be so sad.
Iam leaving tomarrow night to go home for awhile.  Me and Joe are fighting alot and both of us agree that this time apart might be good for us.  I want it to work out for us but I don't know if it will.  WE'll see when I get back.  Got to go for now.  I do love you Joe, and I hope you know that.  Kimmie
Is  it possible for people who are so random  with their words to have feelings of their  own? and if so then how can they be so hurtful to others? And maybe just maybe they are human too!
I'm just so sad right now. My dear, dear friends just lost their baby...Mom was close to 6 months, but something went wrong that threatened her life (she has serious health issues to begin with), and baby had to go away. I've known the dad for many years, I know he's wanted to be a daddy for a long, long time. I know they both long to have a family more than anything. My heart  aches  for them.
apparently, they're a spanish-language format station as of today. the radio station I grew up on is no more.   see the article
This has been a Terrible,horrible,  no good, very bad day well at least tomorrow is friday wheww whooooo!
I was very saddened to see that the comedian Mitch Hedberg died.  He was one of my favorites, perhaps best described as a stoned Steven Wright.  Primordial Ooze and I saw him on the Comedy Central tour, with Lewis Black and Dave Attell.  According to his mother, he had a heart condition, and that's what he died of.  Very sad.  That's all I have to say.
"Non è comunque la morte a farci orrore Ché dai vagiti asmatici ai rantoli del coma alla putrefazione della carne tutto è una smorfia atroce della vita  M'ha scordato per sempre, la mia incomprensione"  (Requiem for CB - Laghetto)  Yesterday my  power adapter  died.
I'm feeling dumb. no, really. there's something I can't get, and I do not know what it is. why? maybe the answer is just 42 but I really hate not knowing what I'm looking for.
OH KNOEZ  I just bought  2 tires to replace my bald fronts a pair of Axxis metal master pads for my fronts SS brake lines all around taylor plug wires.  OH KNOZE.
Billy "Wicked" Wilson - 1971-2005   Not sure if anyone on my friends list knows who he is...He is best known for starting the VoodooExtreme site back in the infancy of 3D accellerators, hence why it was named after the 3DFX product line.  He was a pioneer in gaming news sites that many tried to emulate but were never able to replicate.  He passed away Monday night at the age of 33.
Oh my God.  Mitch Hedberg passed away.  I always loved the work and comedy you did, Mitch.  Rest in peace.
This journal will not be updated nor will any icons be made for the next two weeks because my life is insanely busy at the moment.  In other words requests are closed for the moment.
I am slowly realizing how much I miss Chris. Twice already I have picked up my phone with intent to call him...but alas I cannot.   I just wanted to tell him that the new band he wanted to know about 'alexisonfire'- their name is Alex is on Fire....not Alexis on Fire. He wasnt sure which one it was since their name is all one word.   sadness....
Twas Robbie O'Davis' last game for the Knights. He had a blinder by the sound of things. Marathon was packed.
My Bird is leaving me today.....tear..... Someone stop here. Her name is Tracy and she has to work tomorrow so she is leaving southside..and 100 S. 13th street tonight. I am gonna go and cry now..   Anyone wanna come over tonight and get wasted with us in attemps to rid ourselves of the missed bird?
Our conversation begins:  Frado: Sorry [referring to being 30 minutes late]. Me: It's alright. Did you have a good nap? Frado: No. Go to hell. Sorry, I didn't mean that.  End conversation.
I can't log in for some reason.  I'm just letting everyone know that I hate my life.  I want to be the perfect person for him but can't.  That's all I can say.  At least Bellwitch & Darkangel love me.  Oh yeah, and Sammy Shredd...
Kalli owled me back yesterday. She kept going on and on about Phil (only she kept spelling him Falafel, must be Greek or something, I don't know), and how great he was.  She doesn't like me anymore. Wah. Waffles just don't taste the same anymore. SHE RUINED THEM FOR ME.   I've been hiding in the closet.  Lys ?  Nico ? Mum won't make me come out will she?
I watched "the notebook" today. I'm not too emotional, and I was fighting tears for a while there. I hope they come up with a cure for death soon :(
Hello. My name is Goro Inagaki. It is nice to meet you!! I like wine, cats, and clothes.  Today, I woke up at the time I should not.I felt a dizzy. Last night I drank wine and it fell on my favorite sweater. It has stripes on it! Do you like stripes? Now, it has stripes and wine on it. Oh! so bad
accurate summary from the  International Herald Tribune   may the weather fairy dump feet of snow to cover this mess!
sometimes, i look at little kids, and i get jealous. is that normal?  they look so happy. so innocent. not a care in the world. someone, take me back to those days, please?
Brian "Head" Welch, its offical as of 2 22 05 one of the guitarist of KoRn has left the band... to pursuit his new findings in christ, as he is now taking up his path in making christian music...  *starts crying*   yes  i just found out last night actually that he left and im still sad about it.... *sighs* oh well  KoRn is still releasing a new album this september so im hopeing its good. :)
• straight as • the littledoghouse • saturdays • theatre • scav hunt • hopes of grad school or geekdom
I'm sad. One of the dogs from the rescue centre I volunteer at, passed away a few hours ago. Bye Luke... :-( At least his last years were good.
Even though I am Lutheran I was still sad to hear that the Pope had died.  I hope that he is in a better place now.  For the first time in my life, there will be a new Pope.
USMRONE HAS STOELR TEH GRAOLLAEONS!!1111 I woz ern berd wirf GRAD Ne when I WR WORK URP DER GRAOOELSN WOZ GORN...:(:( HW r I GRO TEH CHRUNA!!111 N ser Lucrisu magflor
I barely knew you, but...  Rest in peace, Sue Collins.  You were an amazing woman and will not be soon forgotten.    Obituary
feeling bummed today... my dog was acting weird last night and continued all night long so I took her into the emergency vet clinic this morning.  She had cancer and had to be put to sleep.   Goodbye Sara I miss you!
Evan Morris, a guy I graduated with, was killed last night in a car accident.  I didn't know him too well, but he was really good friends with my roommate.  There's pictures of him on her desk.  :-(    RIP Evan 1986-2005
Mitch Hedberg was declared dead on March 31st.  He died of a heart attack.  He was an amazing comedian and was able to go out on stage with no material and make the crowd laugh with what was just in his head.  This is not an April Fools joke as it is being questioned around the internet.  He will be missed.
watch the "Cider House Rules" and the "Dead Poet's Society" in one night.  good fucking god.  I'm wiped.
1 bday wish to my parents 3 slices of watermelon 2 slices of honeydew 1 slice of cantelope[sp?] 1 bowl of chocolate/vanille swirl ice cream 1 sour apple 1 glass of water 6 steamed whole lobsters and a heart missing his stringbean. &lt;3  Almost sounds a christmas song eh?
Something doesn't seem right. Being told I have just done something. But that something hasn't even been done by me. I feel like someone is doing something. And that someone better stop, because that isn't right.
Meh, I've been feeling sad/crappy lately.  I'm majorly bummed that my cat, Conan, has been missing for a month, and I have little hopes of ever seeing him again.  It hasn't been confirmed that he's been hit by a car or anything, but I'm starting to fear the worst.  Hopefully he just catting around in the woods hunting mice and bugs.  I hope he comes back T_T   That's all for now.   ~joe
I can feel it ending. I can feel everything around me dying. I've been hit so hard and I can't get myself back up. I'm holding on to a thread of hope. It's all coming down. I want to be alone when I burn.  -Fox
I wish I could see you, father. I wish I could meet you just once. I need you, father. I need you, mother. ::sighs::....  -Fox
How could you JJ? How could you?  No television show has ever made me cry before, and I have done so on every single sad episode of  Lost  so far. This one, though, takes the cake. My chest still feels tight.  I don't want to spoil anything, but Jesus... that was so hard, and I'll miss him so much.  *cries*
This weeks been rather uneventful really, went shopping yesterday to matalan i got a few things, only thing is the weathers not nice enough to wear most of them yet :( Oh well! It'll be sunny soon enough (I hope)! Anyway back to work.
Well - I'm grounded during the weekdays on the computer, I'll be on during the weekends - it's becasue I have a 75 in a class, that's all. I can still get email (Chandra80D@charter.net) through the school computers.   I'm cross-posting this to all the LJ communites I'm in, so - bye!
I should HAVE SO GONE to the Xena 10th Anniversary Convention this month T____T I missed what-ser-face and Lucy Lawless dancing around on stage like THIS:     ~bangs head~ stupid stupid stupid wasting money on ORC stupid stupid! i missed Xena afro and panty shots!  And Ted Raimi was there too T___T   That's it. Next year. XENA CON!
i want someone the be there for me all the time someone that will let me cry in their arms i feel like crying
why do some guys insist on doing that to a girl? i don't understand...i don't get it, some fuck on a power trip. yea, hit her, that'll make you feel better. everything is better now. fuckers!  jessica knows what i'm talking about, but i'm not at liberty to discuss it.  i feel sorry for those who hurt...especially those who hurt on the outside...
my poor little kitty is at the anti-cruelty society.  his leg was bleeding and i had no choice but to take him. he was suffering, so it's for the best. i will miss him.         so sad...
O Canada!         Our home and native land!         True patriot love in all thy sons command.          With glowing hearts we see thee rise,         The True North strong and free!          From far and wide,         O Canada, we stand on guard for thee.          God keep our land glorious and free!         O Canada, we stand on guard for thee.          O Canada, we stand on guard for thee.
why is break ending?! nooooooooo! i had so much fun. sigh... i'm seeing sin city today at the uptown i'm kind of excited for i hear it's really goooood. i'm boring i have nothing else to sayy byebye see you all at school tomorrow
I miss my old friends, those who've moved away. My life seems dull and lifeless without them.  My fondest memories are fashioned around them.  Such is life.
everything has fallen to pieces quite nicely.   i love him + he loves me.   also, im carrying out  your  request for me never to talk to you. + to fuck off. whatever you want, kid.  k.
I feel empty, empty like i've been hollowed out.  Why did I do it to myself?  And to him.  I thought I wanted it, but my tears say otherwise.  Fucken history assignment, I can't spend a moment just watching the world go by without feeling guilty about not doing it.
p.s. i was going up the stairs w/ my sax and i tripped, fell, and broke my sax. i cant play  G nat. , loe B and low Bb.  and auditions are practically today............
According to cnn.com, the Pope has died.  : (  Edit to clarify: Yes, I'm Jewish.  But it's still sad, he was a good man and he did a lot to help a lot of people in the world as well as to try and make relations between Jews and Catholics better.
I just watched a BL   Hotel Rwanda   it was the best movie ever. I almost cried so many times. I have always believed people are born good and things make them bad. This movie only reinforces it. It truly hurts my heart and soul to know that people could kill for such fickle things.
i like someone...i hate myself tho...im too scared to tell him, i know i should but i'm like petrified...some one help me...im afraid that he wont like me back, im deathly afraid of rejection...i need more self asteem...
when something happens in your life you realize how many times you don't tell people that you really do care for them and you love them. with that said i would like to say that i love you all and you all mean so much to me i have no idea where i would be if it weren't for you all. Thank you to everyone for everything that you do for me and everyone else
Someday ill work all my shit out, hopefully that will be before i see you. by the way i will be on campus next semester.  im sorry for that last comment, I dont want us to end.  I just have to learn to fight in a way that doesnt destroy what little i have to look forward to in college...  Ill work it all out soon, I promise.
"There he goes. One of God's own prototypes. Some kind of high powered mutant never even considered for mass production. Too weird to live, and too rare to die."
You scored as  Loner .        Loner             75%       Prep/Jock/Cheerleader             63%       Geek             56%       Ghetto gangsta             38%       Goth             38%       Punk/Rebel             31%       Stoner             19%       Drama nerd             6%        What's Your High School Stereotype?   created with  QuizFarm.com
How do you let someone know in a nonconfrontational way that something they said offended and hurt you? Especially when it wasn't their intent and they may not realize it...
Just becasue there's a chance Thats what hurts the most.   Today sucked. Can't wait for sushi tomorrow. Maybe I could get him to get me some coffee too....^^; G'night.
Looking at photos of old friends does not help one go to sleep. Instead of going to bed I started looking at my photo albums to see which ones I wanted to scan and which to keep in their albums. Big mistake. I miss them all so much.
well my car died this morroning. That sucks so if you guys want to hang out you have to pick me up. I don't even have enough money to buy a car. So i shit out of luck. SO call me if you guy want to hang out. I hope to talk too you guys later.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AMELIA!!!  o tay well anywayz today was okay. i really don't feel all that great but my mom came home from the final four today &amp; then i went 2 ACE for open gym &amp; it kicked my ass &amp; on the way home i started cryin cuz i'm so stressed! well i just want it to be thursday. well i'm bout to pass out. love ya kids. tootlez!
I knew it was too good to be true.  It's me. How could I not mess things up?  I don't know if it matters, but I didn't mean to hurt you, or keep things from you.  I promised not to hurt you and I did, and I'll never forgive myself for it.  I am sorry.  To you too Trice.
and i'm so sad   we used to be friends i can't help but feel like this  everything is so far away now  i used to be like all these other people  but now i realize that i've changed  and it makes me so sad.  it could be wrong to feel like this.    a sorta fairytale with you
Your love is... by   ChibiMarronchan        Your name is...           Your kiss is...    erotic      Your hugs are...    gentle      Your eyes...    twinkle in the moonlight      Your touch is...    irresistable      Your smell is...    beautiful      Your smile is...    encouraging      Your love is...    one of a kind               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
You know, call me old fashioned, but I hate it when I am forced to use machine generated code. It's always clunky and I'm always convinced that if I just had time I could clean it up a bit. But there's no other way, really, that I know of to code actual Windows applications. It makes me sad.
EVERQUEST ISNT WORKING&lt; OMG&lt; ITS ALL MY FAULT BECAUSE I DIDNT PLAY IT IN SOOO LONG!!! FUCKKK!!!!!SHIT!&lt; THIS HELLA SUCKS MY ASS DICK!!!! =((, the snow trip was hella fun, but like everquest doesnt work =(  well hmm...
... the truest friends are the ones that hug you and console you when youre upset, not the ones that rub it in your face and say 'i told you so'  i learned who mine are this week.
Kirby's gone.  She went into cardiac arrest three times.  The third time my wonderful boss and I were on our way there to talk to the doctors about her treatment.  Proceed or let her go is need be.  Jackie better take damn good care of my dog.
coldplay gives me shivers. wierdness is overthrowing my life. chad...might have diabetes ok super lame and makes me sad.  pray hardcore for him.
OK State lost their senior night game by 1 point. it was the hardest thing to see bc we had a chance to send it into overtime. but theres always the big 12 tourney and march madness but still. i thought it'd b a big blowout but i guess i was wrong. :(   damn them long horns
Me kissing the picture of my boyfriend Ray     My license, what?!? what?!?      Betcha can't tell I had a bad day! Muah*        l o v e   a l w a y s ,     s     h     a     r     i
I'm here in Seattle and if anyone needs a ride down to Olympia for tomorrow's shindig, then you better tell me soon cause otherwise I'm leaving without your asses.    by the way, I now have a bed.  YAY BED.  exciting.
So here I am once again at home alone. My plans were ruined so here I am bored as shit with nothing to do.
OK a bit dissapointed...  they taste like BBQ chips..nothing to amazing or even really gross..  though they do taste a little stale though they were the only ones left at the 7/11 next to my place...  at first the flavorer is salty then becomes sweet and ends with a sort of...card board taste...  over all i give it two "bling" out of four..  only for over all boring flav'o'..
I just spent nearly two hours ranting and raving about this situation, and I took it off the journal.  I'm not sure it needs to be seen by one and all.  But I'm not convinced it doesn't, either.  Pfffah!  Decisions!  I'm not good at making them at all.
Someone call or IM me because I'm sad. If I don't answer don't take it personally, there's just some people that don't make me feel better.
i dont really what much out of life... but right now a piece of ass wouldnt be all that bad... is it really bad that i dont care who it is? that i dont care if i love them or not? or even if i 'like' them at all? i just feel like such a worrible person... i feel like listening to "mad season" and crying... but what do i have to cry about? nothing...
So I guess I should tell about the project experience... It was weird. That's all I really have to say about that. Weird. I hate dumb projects, and this is really one of those. Math projects are the dumbest projects ever, I hate them, and that is why I still haven't done the last one, and am never going to do it now. Its too late anyways. Good job.
But February made me shiver, With every paper I'd deliver. Bad news on the doorstep, I couldn't take one more step.  I can't remember if I cried, When I read about his widowed bride. But something touched me deep inside,  The day the music died .
Thinking about my Mother today, Don't know why. I love and miss my mommy.  "My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it."  Mark Twain (1835 - 1910)
So, I was wondering why in the world would Chicago news come to La Porte? what could possibly be going on. Then I went to CNN.com and oh man :(   http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/meast/0 4/13/iraq.hostage/index.html   Chances are against him, but I am still praying for a miracle. Please do the same..
Or even care I haven't been around a whole lot? Sure doesn't seem like it...there are other ways to communicate, but I guess I am not as loved as I thought I was...
Peel me from the skin Tear me from the rind Does it make you happy now?  Tear me from the bone Tear me from myself Are you feeling happy?  Does it make you happy? Are you feeling happy? Are you fucking happy? Now that I'm lost left with nothing?
Why am I the last one to know everything? It almost seems like I am not thought of enough for someone to include me. Now not all people do this...just a select few. And I do mean few. I am just tired of dealing with the thought that people don't think that I might want/need to know whatever it is that they know no matter how small or large it may be.
im so depressed right now. went to sam ash and they took my amp, and there gonna fix it, but i need it to live. we have a show sson  andi need it. i want to cry.
man it sucks being alone on new years eve. nothing makes u feel like crap more. i wish somebody cared just a little bit about me. i feel like im the worst people ever....i have to be if no one wants to be around me. well happy new to the only person that cares about me ............. me.
Bitterness and resentment were so much fun.&nbsp; They're not particularly healthy emotions, but they really helped me get over the events of two months ago: namely, the loss of my soulmate, the shattering of the life I'd created, and the largest rejection of my personality that I've ever experienced.&nbsp;
The University of Blogging    Presents to   eastsidechic    An Honorary   Bachelor of   Psychotic Ranting    Majoring in   Babbling      Signed   Dr. GoQuiz.com    ®               Username:       Blogging Degree  From  Go-Quiz.com
iF any of u go out tonight, Pan*Sonic or elsewhere, or any other night in the future...Please don't drink and drive. Stay Alive.
well going to sock city tomorro and at my grand parents today. Dawn come back thursday and tarryn moves away on the 30th so i am really sad right now
Today was upsetting, I hate this more and more each day. I was trying my hardest I guess I wasn't good enough. lets just spit it out Wes broke up with me. Thats all I can say cause I get hurt easy. I will miss you wes.
It has been a hard week, not as hard for me as for some other people.  I haven't been able to be there for them either, and I'm really trying to figure out what that makes me, and figure out if I'm just a coward.  Sometimes I go with my gut a lot, but with my acid reflux I'm not always convinced my gut likes me much.
My work laptop has died this weekend.  It treated me well.  I hope it finds peace in its eternal rest.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
My two favorite cats from the Hermitage are gone. One of them was adopted, though, which is good cause the leukimia cats don't get adopted much, but the other one died:-( It made me really sad, she was so sweet and really young.
Finals blow man... hey, lets cram about 3 and half months of shit into your head, yea? then lets make you suffer it all in 3 days... ok? sounds like a plan to me...then.. holy shit lets just start a bunch of new shit the next week and give you a warm fucking welcome of new homework and even more fucking crap... yea? YEA????
I have a new favourite song. Its Puff the Magic Dragon. Oh ... Its so sad when Jackie Paper dies. Puffs scales fall like rain and its just so sad ... I get close to tears. I remember when I first heard the song when I was about 6. My mom sang it to me and I balled my eyes out. My silly sis still bugs me about it.   Poor Jackie Paper ... Poor Puff ...
today was a bloody awful day i think... it just sucked all around. the dumb taks test thing took 4 hours of my life away from me.. i should sue for that! i did play DDR for like 30 min i played 25 songs straight huray! but then it seems tonight just was blah. i hope tomarrow has some surprises or fun in it, maybe a great twist or two, but i swear if its another bloody awful day i might just die!
Well last night was cool, worked 4-9 then me and Jerry and Vicki went to Long John Silvers and ate there. Then came back to krogers and hung out till 2 am. I haven't really done much today sof ar, I work 4-9 so that sux. Me and Jerry are camping AGAIN wednesday night till friday mornin' again next week. WEll Im out, see yall later! KEEP IT METAL!
She was my North, my South, my East, and West, My working week and my Sunday rest, My noon, my midnight, my talk, my song I thought love would last forever; I was wrong  The stars are not wanted now: put out every one; Pack up the moon and dismantle the sun; Pour away the ocean and sweep up the wood, For nothing now can ever come to any good.
omg wow  i completely understand why you cried. That was an incredibly difficult fight to keep tears back for me. I thought P was gonna break down on stage, i felt so bad for him while he was up there talking about it. Wow, it makes me want to cry thinking about how he must feel.   :: tear tear ::
I can't even talk about it on live journal.  It sucks, and I have no one I can blame.  Romance is for idiots.  Hunter S. Thompson and I have the same birthday, except his was a few years earlier.
i feel good for being able to sleep i feel crappy for eating... i feel happy for spending time with you. i feel crappy for eating... my face is round i like to feel bad about myself.. i like attention.. i am selfish... i am fat   life.is.a.mystery.  can.you.be.my.detective.?
I finally got a job. That's good.  I think I'm going to cry myself to sleep again like last night. That's not so good.  I wish -I- could drink away the lonely hours of the night.  How is your mother?
i dunno why i do it to myself  i guess i love her :( STILL :(   dear god,      why? why must things like this take forever and never go away?                      Love,                     Michael
there are spaces. in the universe where truth cannot manifest. one of these i have seen tonight.  well...maybe guy will call.  for me there is nothing. and that's what i'll take with me.
ok so its realy embarassing when someone asks u if u are pregnant again.....cause supposedly my stomach looked like it! ouch!! gee i thought i was losing weight and looking better!! shit wtf????   shitty and upset   my feelings are hurt.................:(
I feel horrible...I had a bad day....I don't really wanna get into all the whats and whys and gory detail right now... bye......perhaps i shouldn't have used the word gory
my grandpa's dying. i never cared much for him. but i'm really worried about my dad. he's there in oklahoma. with my grandma. and for some reason i feel like praying. even though i don't believe in god. but i could pray to something. anything.
Hey Guys,  My grandma isnt doing so well lately. She needs to have brain surgery sometime in the next 3 days. Please just pray for her. It's all we can do. Thanks.
Another week of work is done, I didn't make it home any night before six pm.   It's weird that I see my work and school collegues more than my hubby and kitty's  I miss all three of them when I am away... and yet I continue to add things to my life that keep me away from them more and more   What does that mean? Who knows...
Well yesterday I had a bad day.....one of my exes came in to the store. i wanted to walk out. but i stayed and finished my shift. then i started on the beer and got so drunk. started to wish that my friend marty was here. i miss him so much.
I have completed KOTOR2 only to be disappointed by a really poor ending!  It is sad that they cant make games with good plots..   http://www.theforce.net/jedicouncil/edi torials/030405.asp   Edit: The link doesn't have spoilers!
I haven't started Stats yet. I have an entire sleeve of ThinMints. I will eat all of them before the night is through.  Would someone assure me that Cis is alive, please?
Comedian and Actor Mitch Hedberg Dies at 37  http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=sto ry&u=/ap/20050401/ap_en_mu/obit_hedberg_4    Mitch Hedberg was brilliant. We will miss you, Mitch. RIP.  And Frank Perdue Sr died. Dang. I thought he already had passed.
"Woman Loses Dad and Husband in Iraq War"  http://cnn.aimtoday.cnn.com/news/st ory.jsp?idq=/ff/story/0001%2F20050201%2F 0500776000.htm&sc=1110&photoid=20041220_XBL103   This war needs to be put to a freakin' end.  Jeez.
Dear Neville,  I suppose we should talk about this properly soon. Just to at least try to clear things up. If it doesn't get clear, at least my mind will be put to rest knowing that I tried to.  Lunch at the Deanery?  - Susan
Depressed now... probably cos I'm tired... and really really bored. *sigh* And gonna be bored tomorrow. Grrrrrrrr well... I guess I'll just play games all day. Grrrrrrrrrrr I want FFX-2 but I haven't seen it ANYWHERE. Well, even if I see it I won't be able to afford it anyway so meh...
Rest in Peace John Paul II we will all miss you.  The people will rember all of the good deeds you performed.
For those of you who care... which SHOULD be everyone, Mitch Hedberg died yesterday presumably of heart attack. he was 37....drug overdose anyone?
What does your t-shirt say? by   rejektedrockstar        Name           Age           Fav. Color           Gender      Female Male I dunno...       Ta-Da                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !       i could use it, to make me feel loved
Johnny Carson passed away. He was 79 years old. I remember watching his shows with my mom. He always made her laugh. I missed him when he retired. I hope the best for his family and friends during this rough time.  RIP Johnny
i get so nostalgic listening to "if you're feeling sinister"  oh belle and sebastian.. how i love you, i'm a nostalgic bitch anyway, anything makes me nostalgic, but its such a good song, and when i think about the lost Belle and Sebastian CD that Heather made for Aman, that i later became addicted to.. its gone..and i'm sad.. so sad
So i like to write in my journal everyo nce in a while... well acutally Donny makes me and it isnt t hat I dont wanna its just that I like to do it every day and i dont ahve time for that so i dont like to o it randomly... BUT i figured I'd get ahead and before Donny asks... ill write and entry...lol
My paid finally left. I'm gonna have to pay for it again, now. I've gotta get 25 dollars together to present to my parents in exchange for their credit card.   :[ Murr.  I think I'm gonna go onto shocked now. It seems to be the time.  Farewell my friends, until I pay for it again. In a few hours. Heh.
As       senji     points out , this poetry meme is going to recur infinitely if everytime someone posts it we all have to do it again, but because of looking up that e.e. cummings poem earlier I've had a bit of a poetry-reading evening and I've come across another one I want to post.
Well everyone I have to tell you about today and yesterday, so I'll start off with what I did yesterday and work my way into today:
I don't really feel like telling about my trip to D.C. anymore.&nbsp; I've lost ambition and motivation.&nbsp;&nbsp; But, I will tell about the rest of the trip because I said I would, and I don't have much to do.
The last Yuki died tonight, sometime between 8 pm and 12 am. So if SOMETHING is true about this whole christianity-thing, they all should be together again now.  I hope, this is the last farewell in a long time!
After about two weeks of illness Eiri-kun (one of our pet rats) died today around 10:00 am. Yesterday evening he was too weak to eat and was even too exhausted to drink - but all the vets already had closed. I brought him there to euthanize him this morning but he died in my hands while I was sitting in the waiting-room.  May he be in a better place now. We won't forget you, Yuki!
I feel like crap.  My allergies are bad, and I'm really very unhappy.  Today Tessa gave me the Queen CD's she burned for me.  It made me a happy panda (for a while) because I got to listen to their awesomeness.  Like Good Old Fashioned Loverboy.  I skipped down the hall to that.  Until Matt told me to stop.  Well.  Time to feed the dog then crawl into my dark room.
Why do I always screw things up? Why can't I ever hold on to the important things in life? Why did you leave? Why do I react the way I do? Why do I see the good things too late? Why do I always screw things up? Why can't I just be happy?
WOW....that was just horrible.......it couldn't wait like til I was ready to leave or until I had left.....AHHAHHAHA!!!!!
Keeping it to myself hurts so much. I want so much to say something but I'm afraid it would just be deja voo as it would ruin everything like it has in the past. I just want to not feel this way. It's bad because I know that it will never happen. Nothing ever works out the way I want them too.
life was so much simpler when I had no friends and just a bunch of aquintances(sp?)...I had just one focus instead of thousands...maybe I should just sever all ties with all friends and go back to that...I was alone, true...but I chose the loneliness...maybe that is just the way I need to be...maybe thats just the way it was intended to be...
Pap passed away Tuesday morning.....  Not an April Fools Joke!  The funeral is Saturday. My husband is a pallbarer.   Pap raised my husband, after his daughter didn't want him. He was like his Dad. In such a short amount of time, I grew so close to Pap.   I try to be strong for my husband, but when he's not around I can't stop crying.
i cut my hair.lots.cute stuff.i leave here in two days. i don't like it. &lt;333 casper. jeffery. joshua. christan. ray*ray. mr.and.mrs.malpass. christopher murray. marco. matthew. dot. ezra. &lt;333 farther away from him than i already am...
After I went to the doctor complaining about trouble sleeping he said I really just need to relax. He recommended more of the pills I was already taking. I was getting better. I was sleeping 7-8 hours and was beginning to have a steady schedule. Then last week Monday happened and it’s on again.
last night was the first time i've cried myself to sleep in a very long time. maybe ever, but i'm betting i did at least once a couple years ago. it just hit. i was reading a book, finished the book, turned off my light, and... cried. please someone help, i'm hurting.
yesterday love was such an easy game to play now i need a place to hide away oh i believe in yesterday...
Well, here is my real gift for my sis who is leaving tomorrow. I hope this works  here are the instructions:  IF YOU LOVE STEPH TATMAN POST LOVE YA TATMAN, I WILL MISS YOU in your lj...seperate post all by itself...cmon everyone, show her how much she means to you  so here..i'll start it    I LOVE YOU STEPH, I WILL MISS YOU
so bethannie isn't going to be here for my birthday...that's..that's great..wasn't here last year...not gonna be here this year...that's peachy..
Yoga just...  I was doing fine during all the standing poses, nearly got fully balanced in Toe Pose (Padangustasana?).  I got really deep into everything today...But the floor series...I dunno.  I just got emotional.  And I know that that can be expected sometimes during yoga...but after we finished everything and were finally resting in savasana, I cried.  Silently.  I am in a bad mood.
NO MORE WORK!!!!!!!!!!!  *twitch* *twitch* *collapse*  What is it about stress that brings this random paranoia that people hate you?  Well, not hate, just don't like very much or want to be around or whatever the word is.  Hate sounded more interesting and dramatic, though.  Yes, well... Bye now.
I failed my accounting final... fuck and the one person of whom i thought would give the most comfort.. didn't.  So first my grade failed me and now my heart is.  I hate being me sometimes
well it's 930 and i am alread good for a few tears.  its not that i have been forgotten... i was not, but the plans have changed and well i guess they forgot to call me about those. i know years is over rated but i love new years.. start the year off with a bang with friends.. not by yourself at home alone.. i've done that before and i hate being alone...
I don't know what I'm doing about Halloween. I really want  you  to be my Romeo. Seriously. I wouldn't be the same having anyone else doing it. We've had it planned for so long. : (. Just thinking about it makes my eyes want to tear.
Well, the Pope passed away today at 2:37 our time, 9:37 Vatican time. This is truly a sad day in the world. Pope John Paul II was an amzing person, he has done more for this world than pretty much anyone else has ever done short of Jesus himself. I am truly sad and shaken by this but i know the Church will come out of this strong. Pope John Pauls II, you are in my prayers and thoughts.
I just wasted a lot of time writing an entry that is full of stuff I don't want to remember about the past two weeks.
finding love at UCSC is like trying to find a penguin in the sahara desert.     I'm not happy right now....
It's such a weird feeling knowing that someone you love is over in a sandbox fighting for our freedom....I just want to talk to him....    "I sleep alone, I cry alone, and its so hard living here on my own, so please come home soon"   2 months until the big 18th!
from right now, today seems horrible. plus, i just choked on jello and drank crappy meat-flavored water. and ashley prolly will hate me soon
:( I dont have any candy to give to anyone for valentines day.. which is okay i guess cus i dont have a valentine.. but i still wanted to give candy..
My computer is very very sick :-&lt;. I am so sad that I am not goin to be able to update my lj for a while until the computer guy fixes it :-( How will i be able to live without my computer ~tear~
dammit, i cant fall asleep.... all these thoughts about today keep going through my head. i dunno what to do..  but, im still gonna do what i do on sunday mornings, why? becuz thats the way i am. and i love her.. *sniff*..  my phone never rang either. :'(
I made a batch of oatmeal chocolate chip cookies this evening.  I used butter instead of oil and it made all the difference.  One week from tomorrow, I have a 40% project due in one course and a series of due dates, including a presentation, for another course worth a total of 60%.  All in a day's work, I guess.
my bird is dead...im still so incapable of handling loss...forward movement of time...beginnings and endings...
I feel like i'm never good enough.. i'm always the '2cd hand' or the 'inbetween' girl.. for once.. i'd like to be the one who walks into the room and people say 'wow' shes amazing, beautiful, lovable, and talented. I want people to say, 'wow I want to know her'.. just once..
I heard on the radio that Ray Charles has passed away.  He will be missed by me I do know that.  Peace and comfort to his family.
I won't pretend it isn't my fault, because it is.  I'm selfish, and I'm an awful, awful person.  I should have tried harder.  I didn't want to hurt you.  I still love you, even if you don't want to know me any more.  I'm sorry.
maximum capacity bleeds static noise shelf life is much shorter than expected arthritic time signatures synthetically bent into oblivion you and i are inside here for real this time nervous system aesthetically displeasing beauty school dropouts bleed quicker cranium explodes.
Its tuesday and i stayed home..i  just dont feel too good.   Spring break was ok. I hung out with robin alot. and i leslie hung out wit us one time. hehehe  *covers my mouth* "aahaaaa" lol. U kno u had fun leslie.  I love you Shyanne...R.I.P....Daddy loves you too. we miss u already.
My grandfather is dead. He died last night, it didn't really come as a surprise since he's been in bad shape for a good six months now. He lived to be 88 years old, but still it sucks. I've always denied the fact that my grandparents could die...but, I guess I have to face it now.
Sometimes being average gets on my nerves. Wonder if all non-average people feel sick of things like I do, at least sometimes...I hope so!
well know im on the phone with caputo..my favoritest friend...and im his favoritest friend the 1 out of 4 people that love me outside my family...well im sad cuz this guy well i can't say on this on my lj where everyone can see so just ask me and iwill tellu!!!! so heres some omore quizzes to piss u people off like isaac cuz its funn...
RIP Coach Gregg Killmer 1-28-05  Life can sometimes be so hard to bare When you feel like theres no one who cares There are times you feel all hope is gone Dont lose faith And just keep holding on
just had a long talk with my parents. my reward for cleaning up yesterday was the privilege of cleaning every monday. counters, floors, vacuum, bathroom. everything in the house except personal rooms.  tell me why i just feel like crying...
To all who are concerned;   I just wanted to let everyone know that Hannah Coye passed away Friday night at around 5:30. We are still waiting to see when sevices will be. Please keep her family in your thoughts and prayers as they go through this very difficult time.  Thanks...  Love, Tara
I got 5 out of 5 hugs now....but they are still crying....I am spent.  I don't know what else to do, I hope I can make it through today. I am tired and feeling inadequate.  I hope today is a better day, it's only been 3 days!!!!
I feel lonely...   But this is gonna by MY year... 3jan I am gonna go to a new help person,I'm getting on the birth-control pil for my skin problem. And inside I am gonna be fine.  Although I cant really see that now..
just when i feel something really good...it goes really bad. it felt like this could be different but again i was wrong. again. i'm give up. the bad thing is i'd fall for you again in second.
in school right now! it sucks so bad! i wish that i was in fl right now....shocking yes i know  xo  ash
I hate my parents because they won't take the dog to the vet. I don't want him to die, but he can't move a lot now and breathes very heavily like he is having a stroke.. Why won't they do anything. It hurts. I don't care if its old age, it may be somehting else because he is a healthy dog.
I had a dream last night that I was teaching.  I had been asked to take over for a really tough class midyear (sound familiar?), and I had two coteachers.  I dreamt about all the activities I did with the kids to help them get under control.  It made me sad.
Bummer...the people who were interested in the house decided not to bid on it.  I was so hoping we could get an offer and be done.  I wouldn't even be worried except that we have a house we want in Appleton, but we can't buy it unless we sell this one first.  This stuff sucks.
Been away for a while because I've been studying like a good little school girl. What effort! I just keep telling myself that it's only nine days until I'm freeeee. I really like that freedom part. Like, a lot. But hey, as the Spice Girls said all those years ago "All you need is positivity" and if there's one thing that's true, it's that the Spice Girls were wise beyond their years.
Does anyone else remember those banana shaped cookies they used to sell?  They were yellow, shaped like bananas, and had a chocolate coating on the back.  They were the best cookies ever made.  I feel like, if I had a box of them right now, I'd be happy forever.  Why do things have to change?
My Gans died last week.  My Gans.  I could never say Granddad when I was litle. So I called him 'Gan Gan'. That in time changed to 'Gans'. He loved being called it, so it stuck.  And now he is gone.  Words cannot describe.
i really wish joey would at least ackowledge me...and not in a mean way either, i think he knows i mean well, but apparently he doesnnt know...or care. JEEZ!!!!
sometimes i can look at the way my life is unfolding itself and i will think everything is great. i used to think like that near enough all the time but something has changed and i can't do it anymore. now when i think about it, i feel like shit. every little thing that i think about ends up being something i don't want to think about.
Lynchie died in a car accident last night. He was my cousin and a awesome friend. I feel bad because I haven't seen him in a long time. But he was always my drinking partner because we were always the drunken assholes at the party. He always had this happy grin on his face that I will miss, along with that raspy voice of his....     ...miss you always...&lt;3 RIP Lynchie...
02.05.04 -    Ground Zero (Bellevue, WA)  w/  Red Light Ambition , Novice,  Daphne Loves Derby,  and  This Providence . Doors at 6:30pm. Show starts at 7pm for $7.
Why the eff are ppl soo effin mean?!?! Like seriously?!  "Well, about time u figured it out. god damn rat."   NICE! i think im nice to ppl. but i guess not nice enough. Ppl still hate me. ::sigh::  and what rele makes me heated, is that they dont even friggen put their name! if ur guna insult someone and make them feel like sheet, you should at least take credit for it! W/E!
and good bye.. i`m leaving... if anyone is interested here is my mail address:  Ann Novokhatskaya  Birulevskaya Street 56  Flat 44  Moscow 115547  Russia   i`ll be really glad to see your letter..and be sure you will get mine back..  i miss you all,guys..and i really deeply love you..  /your sadly/
i feel so very sad right now..everything is so horrible!i hate is so much!what a fucking life! :( :( :( :( :( :(
Well so much for having a better week.  My parents are on their way to Minneapolis.  My grandma's heart is failing.  I wish I could be there to say goodbye and I can't.  It sucks.  I haven't seen her since my brother's wedding and it looks like that will be the last time.  I hate being stuck in the middle of no where.  Well at about 6pm she passed away.
Wow im posting twice in the same day.. well i dont know what to do with myself... im really getting out of control. I drink to much. I smoke too much. and i pop pills too much.. i cut too much.. i dont have bounderies any more and i just dont know what to do anymore.. i might end up getting sent to St. vincent.. well if anyone has any ideas.. tell me                    &lt;3 churry
~Minerva takes Severus by the hand, first stopping to pick up the rest of the biscuits, and leads him into the bedroom.  Sitting on the bed, she asks~  All right, Severus?
~After sitting outside for a very long time, Minerva dries her tears and heads inside.  Draco isn't anywhere to be seen.  Finally, she heads to the bathroom and knocks.~  Draco?  We need to talk.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!  *cries*  I didn't watch Lost last night, because I had to work, but I found out what happened this morning.  In other bad news, my modem got fried by lightning, so I can't use my computer, which has all my pictures, brushes, and whatnot on it.  At least not for a little bit.
Damn.  I really hoped this wouldn't happen so quickly.  I must really have a problem with being alone.  I've been around people pretty much nonstop for a week and a half, and the first night back home by myself, I'm going crazy already.  Since husbands and babies are out of the picture for now, I guess I need a roommate.  Or a cat.
I know I haven't updated in a while, if anyone even cares, but I've been contemplating recently about life and how unfair things are even though I have always known and will always know that they are. One of my best friends is moving to Seattle in June and I'm not going to survive senior year without her. Just how will i go on? Letters and emails won't be enough to sustain me!
Carla Scott 's body was found yesterday; confirmed as hers today.&nbsp; Her death is being investigated, but no foul play is suspected.  Her father is  Graham Scott , whom my father used to work with.&nbsp; I wonder if Dad's going to the funeral?
i got blown off last night i obviously just dont mean enough this is what i was looking for i didnt realize the definition would be so harsh i cried myself to sleep.
I feel so bad right now, I can't even put it into words.  I have no idea what's going to happen, and I'm really scared.
I got 14-15hrs of sleep last night. That got me up at 9am! I haven't been up that early for no reason in the longest time! Well there hasn't been anything to do lately. Nicole is still sick, tara is sick. Amanda wasn't at school yesterday. I wonder how the concert went. well... hm... I think i'm going to go now there isn't anything to say. bye  -Jessica
I don't know what to say. I know what I'm thinking but I'm scared... maybe I'll think about it some more and post again later. I've been thinking a lot. It's really getting on my nerves. A lot of things are really getting on my nerves. I'm really upset, so I'm gonna think about this some more and post later.
I just talked to Jason about all the things I can't stand about him professionally. It was a conversation that I *needed* to have with him at this point, which I don't really feel like explaining.   It went horribly. I feel absolutely awful, and I mostly wish I had never ever brought it up.
somedays just hurt more than others. it is one of those days.  i have found that the babies move around more when i cry. i think they are trying to comfort me. it works.
Looks like I'm going to be out of town this weekend.  A friend of mine had a friend involved in a fatal accident, and she need someone to go with her to the funeral.  So I'm leaving at 3 pmish tomorrow and won't be back till late Sunday.  My prayers go out to the families that lost loved ones in this tragic accident.
Well it looks like Meas. 36 passed.  I feel for all the people that are having other peoples religious beliefs forced upon them.
why do i expect it to work every time?  different is good, but too different is just difficult.  but i like it.
What a sad St. Patty's day it is.  Here I am stuck at work because I did the "responsible" thing and not take off today and tomorrow.  Am I crazy??  Or maybe the days of my youth are ending.  What a sad thought, makes me want to cry.................
'Cause nothing's going right And everything's a mess And no one likes to be alone...  Especially on Valentine's Day!
I just want to cry.  I don't know why, but I do.  I just had a great night with Meg and Mab, but it still doesn't change how I feel right now.  I wish I could just curl up in a ball, cry for a bit, then just disappear.  Good Night.
i'm going to the movies with adam soon! i'm really nervous!!! i hope we kiss!  so today beth moved out, it doesn't feel weird yet but i bet it will soon...i thought today beth, i can't watch freddy movies anymore :( ! so sad!!! lol!
Hey!!! I got my prom dress today.  Its cute.  It's pink and it has white flowers on it.  It's pretty cute.  I didn't really wanna go.  Oh well.  I have decided if Derek doesn't give me at least half of the price before I get the tickets I am going alone.  It'll funner going alone anyway.    Well, I am gonna go to bed so I'll see ya'll later.
You scored as  Democrat .  &lt;'Imunimaginative's Deviantart Page'&gt;        Green             75%       Democrat             75%       Anarchism             75%       Socialist             58%       Communism             50%       Fascism             17%       Republican             8%       Nazi             0%        What Political Party Do Your Beliefs Put You In?   created with  QuizFarm.com
So, Christmas finally came to the Corwin house!  Yep.... on 1/7/2005 santa finally got his fat butt over here and delivered the goods.  The Coyotes that live in my graveyard almost got him, but he used his dark elfin magic and was fine.  Also, Usopp learned how to love.  ....biggest lie I ever told...
i wish i was home. i got to new york today, i think im staying until july 25th so its only like a week and a half. i really want to be home though. i miss everyone like crazy. and I LOVE ALEX BLINDER. im gona go though, ill update later. xox  i really miss harry.
Wil Wheaton  wrote about his cat Felix today.  This is why I don't have a pet and this is why I don't watch Animal ER on TV.  And I can't stop crying.  RIP, Felix.
so my car is broke again....and its gonna cost alot this time...  so i suggest a little game of fill in the blank  If you give me $20, i will ________
Cancel that natalie fight show this weekend, i wor, and woundnt be able to get up there till like 8 and it starts at 6
Have a good Memorial Day Weekend everyone....can't wait for Tuesday....the big 1-7 for me!!! See you all when you get home, and some of you over the weekend.....enjoy
What a bad night ! okay well first of all i was trying to do my hair and it wouldn`t work so i friggen flipped out.. and now i feel really ugly.. probably cuz i am.. and that is no fun * :(  and now I think I just made somebody mad.. I really need to keep my mouth shut.. god i try.. i try really hard to make everyone happy.. and i can`t... and it makes me sad.. very sad...  im out
That was the saddest thing =(  okay, so ag.. my fingers are too sticky to type. imma get in the shower, and tyen type...
i'm on my way over to the apartment for the   ...........last time .   ever.   After tomorrow, they are knocking it down.  let's hope I don't cry.
so this is zach and mackenzie ... the best niece and nephew ever, well, plus macie now :)  this is my buttface brutus, i love him   this is my frank and beans   this is teri, she likes taking pictures of herself
well, we made it to state. thats all im sharing about today, everything was good until i got home, then it all went downhill.
Remember when I said La Hacienda was good? Well it is, it's very good. However, THREE times that I have gone in there, they have gotten my order wrong or forgotten something. Once I caught it, but usually I get it to go, so I end up at home with the wrong order. UURGH!!  Plus, I hate everyone.   And when I say everyone I mean me.
~  Samang died today. He's been acting weird lately and he died today. I'm not sure what I did wrong, but he's gone. We had a funeral for him behind our dorm.   I hope you liked me, Samang.  ~
yay!!!!!!!!  snow days make me happy, especially when i haven't done my homework.  anyway, i'm stuck at home babysitting the siblings til 2:30, then i prolly need andare alla casa di sarah e lavoro sulla progetta per italiano. which makes me sad.
the kid who took along nine others when he killed himself in Red Lake? He had a Live Journal. How in the world do you know what is real and what is jest?
too many goodbyes lately. It seems like each one takes another little piece of my own self, leaving only the hard work of finding the new person. This must be very hard for the very old, as one by one, they leave you behind, just as it is very hard for the young, as you realize the loss. To all who are sad now, my heart goes out to you.
Allright so it's not bad enough that in addition to the whole college application thing we still have class as usual, but then there's gotta be a certain Statistics teacher who decides he needs to gives us a pop quiz. On a friday. And is it just me, or does it feel like every day gets colder? *BRRRRRRR* :(
I hate my dog, Ozzy.  He chewed up my textile kit.  The samples were in order--now I have no clue where anything goes.  I hate that stupid dog...
I've had this LJ for like,  FOREVER .  Actually, 3 1/2 years.   Date created :	  2001-08-08 14:39:35  Date updated :	  2005-02-28 20:22:40, 20 hours ago  Journal entries :	  605  Comments :	   Posted :   877 -  Received :   1,427   I didn't even know some of you 3 1/2 years ago.  'Tis crazy.
Gotta say, the regret and stuff is reeeally setting in now. -_- Can't say much, though, 'cause I'm typing this up at school. I seem to have a habit of fucking everything over, huh? I should learn to stop that. Anyways, just checked out a new book, and I'm gonna go read it now. And I get to sleep next period! Yay for Guitar Lab. Later.
Wait for the   guy  who calls you beautiful  instead of hot.&nbsp; Who  kisses your forehead  and thinks you are the  prettiest   even when you have no makeup on . One who  holds your hand   in front of his friends . Wait for the guy  who would do anything just to spend time with you , and who  truly   believes that he is the lucky one.
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    dance is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
&lt;table width=400 align=center border=1 bordercolor=black cellspacing=0 cellpadding=2&gt; &lt;tr&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#66CCFF align=center&gt; &lt;font face="Georgia, Times New Roman, Times, serif" style='color:black; font-size: 14pt;'&gt; &lt;b&gt;Your Love Style is Storge&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#FFFFFF&gt;
Not feeling so good tonight. It's just the little things though that get to me... well not really I guess it's a big mumma thing when you look at the root of the problem.  I am just hating me at the moment especially when all I can see is 'perfection' (filtered through my eyes I know).  I should go... and go I should, and will.  Yay for upbeatedness!!!!
i dont understand why u think i dont like you as much....im fucking us up so bad...it makes me sad..im really sorry i love you more then ever i dont see where i went wrong :(
valentines sucks it just anotherday that a fat kid cant get a date or have any fun and just stays home&nbsp; and be home with no one to care about :(
Just an interesting tidbit of information.  I don't what what it means, or if it means anything at all.  Pope John Paul II was born during an eclipse of the sun and he will be buried during an eclipse of the sun.
After last week's hit and run, it seems there has been a fatality.  I will certainly use more discretion if jaywalking in the future.
SO I jsut found out my dog, Pepsi died. I'm gonna go be sad for a while before I go back to work at 11:30...
I have a feeling that Kikyou's dinner guest was Inuyasha.  I thought it was strange the other night that he seemed eager for me to get my homework done.  I think that was the same night that Kikyou had her dinner guest.  She said they had ramen for dinner and I know how much Inuyasha loves ramen.  *looking sad*  I might be wrong, but I think it was him.
~tubatrouble~                                                                         LJ  friendsCollage .  	    Brought to you  by       pratibha75    and       teemus   .         Things aren't the way they're supposed to be.
yay for copying peters lj and altering it to fit me (yeah im lazy = D )  Today's "I" Statements:  I'm tired.  I skied today. I thought that was nice. (tuesday atleast)  I hate school.  I like practicing my baritone. I feel it relieves many of life's pressures.  I'm Bored  I like sleep  I'm going to bed.
Cops = pigs = Bacon = SUCK. Parents = suck. Grounded again. This time - 2 weeks. &gt;:(     brandon diehl
its wednesday night..6:45..i&nbsp; just got home from babysitting...but im sure you all coulda guessed that.. since its all i do. ha.
So, I'm not really here to update, and my being here doesn't mean I've read anyones' journals...  Sowwy.  Mainly, I just wanted to let those of you in RI know that I'm headed back to Cordele, Georgia today (Thursday) because my grandfather died tonight (Wenesday night) at 11:28. Sorry I'm not gonna see y'all for Christmas like I'd hoped...  I'll miss you! Love always, Cassie
LiveJournal Haiku!       Your name:    sulappy      Your haiku:    i was like angels in america:night flight to san francisco      Username:                Created by  Grahame         That's just fucking cool. I got myself an "Angels in America" haiku.
im not angry anymore, im not pissed or anything im just sad.....thats all i have to say if you want to hear more then ask cuz im not typing it out.
ari nie masuk2 office je aku terus gi bilik kak EO. masuk je bilik dia terus kena soalan cepu emas, 'eh?!? kenapa nampak susut pulak badan? baju nie yang do the magic ke or memang badan dah susut?'. aku jawab 'heheheee....memang dah susut sikit kak EO'. 'kenapa?'. 'makan hati berulam jantung..hehhehee'.
it's been a while i know but i have a new journal it's cowboy_maniac.  go check it out. love y'all! Shu-shu
so i have lost anther friend, like so many before i dont know why but i cant keep friends they leve like heather and kylee they were both my best friends i go to new york for a week and come home and they wount tolk to me. i make new friends but they do the same. now i have done it agen. she wont tolk to me or hang out she hates me and i did nothing or can do nothing to stop her from doing so.
today,  i had decided to make katsu curry for jo.   but it was so vile tasting  that she called it cat soup curry.   :(  --  *hollers SOMEBODY!  GET ME OUT OF THE KITCHEN!  RIGHT NOW!
about 3 hours ago i have just had an argumen with a mate of mine. i called him two faced bec he is and i had had enough so i told him..... and i tried to explain and now he donesnt want to here i know he will come back bec he always does and i feel really bad about it....... and help
crying and freezing and lonely and dying and wondering and dreaming and hoping and praying and falling and hating and loving again.l
One of comics greats passed away. I met him a few times at ComiCon and he was a freindly and really nice man. He was 87.  :[  http://www.willeisner.com/
why did everything change? everything was great, and the balance shifted. now nothing is the way is was, or how its supposed to be. in order to make it right again, i have to do something... but im still so scared... i wish i could just move. then everything could end, with the blame lying at some outside force, not at me...
I organized a little too much on my computer and deleted all of my music files, over 2000, I am depressed as a mo fo I think will kill myself tonight.  WHY DID I CLICK THAT BUTTON WHY???? POOR IPOD, it took 4 months to get you so large and now you are nothing again.  Tomorrow commences the great music loading to my computer, help me out everyone and make me mp3 CDs alllll goooone.
I'm stuck in traffic on my way to the hospital.  My aunt calls to tell me that it's too late.  I remember that I'd already packed funeral clothes, and begin to cry.
I'm sad to read that  Ivan Noble has died .  I've been reading his cancer diary since it started.  Rest easy, Ivan.
I cannot believe it....Tamewolf (Tamey) is gone, it cant be true *sniffles* it just cant be....god I am speechless here. I dont know...I just dont know.....Tame, you've been a good friend to chat with *sniffles* rest in peace fellow wolf, my friend *howls sorrowfully*
I remember reading about this, it is so sad. Why? Babies need specific nutritional priorities.   http://www.foxnews.com/story/0%2C2933%2 C51494%2C00.html
oh yeh!!  minky left too *cries*... he went home and i never gots to saw him.. since like my birthday :( twas a sad day for all
This whole graduation thing scares me.  And not in the cliche "OMG I AM GIONG OUTT INTO TEH REEL WORRLD!!1" sort of way.  I guess you don't realize how much someone means to you until you're faced with the prospect of going on without said person in your life, and you realize that if you ever left them behind, you'd be leaving a piece of yourself behind with them.  I fear distance.
Dimebag Darrel was killed during a show in Ohio last night. The former guitarist of Pantera and Damageplan was considered to be one of the forerunners of metal guitar. He will be missed.
The passing of time is what will free my mind from all this pain and sorrow. The passing of time is what creates my pain and sorrow. I need a babysitter, permanently, preferrably someone with similar interests as me, and not an ass, or an old woman. Perhaps, I could have a friend for a babysitter. I'm just going nuts by myself, if I'm alone to think I'll think negatively. Gimme Friends!
its really nice and swell..   just not the same.  it never will be.  but i love all my friends. they have good hearts.  and i miss a certain few. ones who have been in my life for yeas who i havent seen or talked to in forever.  just know i may suck and stuff but i love and miss you all.  &lt;333 ashley
so im watching love actually.  it reminds me of shawn  and when she told me how she had cried right when it started  and i hadnt seen it and thought she was nuts.  but then i saw it and it had the same effect on me.  and yes, once again its doing it to me again.  god im a retard.
http://www.canada.com/national/national post/news/story.html?id=cac37ea5-e6b3-40 3d-9cb8-a0d668260f66   i hope he, Chase Lussier, may rest in peace in the knowledge that he gave up his own life and may have well saved the lives of two girls from the gunman in the minnesota school shooting. another senseless act of violence in schools. what is this world coming to?
For the first time in a long time, I wish I had a large amount of disposable income.  Because I want  this .  And it would FIT ME.
My mother just took sisco to flush him.... She did it upstairs so I wouldn't have to hear it.  I can't handle loss very well.
I am giving you full permission to kill me Crabbe in anyway you want. I've even written a letter on my laptop  to send to proffesor Dumbledore saying it's perfectly all right for you to end my life. I'm really sorry about Padma, I know I shouldn't have said all those things and  I don't have any excuse for it at all!!! So kill me now. I'm  behind the giant jumping castle.
i'm sorry i didn't acknowlege your apologies. i'm sure they were sincere. there was never a doubt in my mind that they weren't. i didn't mean to hurt you by not responding. i wasn't ready to accept them. i just wanted you to know that.
have claimed  their chronicler; her joining them lessens us all.   If they could  have only left her with us until her son  grew...  So many  writers  gone!
first of all-- happy birthday grampa, wish you could still be here :(  so anyway..yeah, the allstar game sucks ASS!    today's kurt's bday too..    so..that's all for now :)
I had to delete Return of the King cause my computer didn't have enough memory.  My computer then proceeded to die on me.
what am i doing? strange that it over i don't really want it to be why are you so stubborn...   ...Some of us settle down, some of us just settle...and some of us won't settle for anything less than butterflies...
today... today was the worst day of my life. i broke up with my girlfried about an hour ago, and i feel like shit. i never knew what lov was, but now i know what it feels like when you stop loving someone. oh well, life will go on, its not the end of the world. guess i better give her game back to her.
so today is bid day. but guess who didnt get one? yep thats me! i only wanted one sorority and they didnt pick me. they could only chose 7 girls so i dunno. its all a popularity contest which in a way makes me feel even worse. i still have the chance for informal later tonite or this week. but it still wont be the same in a way. hmmm...
nuthin new to post no girl friends no nuthin i have no fun im just one big skinny fat loser with friends that are ok eccept for ernestine i think shes the koolest shes  nice to me and makes me happy but i cant bare to see her sad especialy when she umm takes unknown subtances and gets all like sad and tired and ... it makes me feel like .. i cant discribe it im gonna go now...
fuck i know im a loser for still likeing her even though she said she doenst like me im so stupid but i cant help it like i said im a retard sheesh now im all feelin sad cuz shes stilll doin drugs and that makes me sad cuz i worry i dont want anything to happen to her
retrace the steps as if we forgot say you wont care say you wont care try to avoid it but theres not a doubt and theres one thing i can do nothing theres one thing i can do nothing without
WTF is with this crap!?  i really feel like shit... :(  ah well you ALL can fuckin SUCK MY COCK and shut the fuck up!!
So i had the most awesome weekend ever...on thursday elyse came into to town, so i went and saw her, and ended up suggesting that she stay until saturday, and she did of course... so we had super a lot of fun. on thursday we just kinda hung out, we watched breakfast at tiffany's, which is a good movie by the way... and then we went to bed.
why doesn't anyone think i'm pretty? why doesn't anyone wanna go out with me? why do i always wanna kill myself?....ohhhh i know.... my live sucks!
I've got a lot of sh*t on my mind lately. I need a break. A break form everythign and everyone. sigh.
Jenna i am so sorry about last night.......I just got really scared and i didnt no how to react......im am trully sorry....PLZ FORGIVE ME!!!!!     I love you always! i love you jennafer marie dyess!
I feel like my best friend is forgetting me to hang out with preppy underclassmen she barely knows.  She confuses me all the fucking time.  I don't know what I'm supposed to do.  It feels like I don't even know her.  Am I really that bad, or is she just flaky and shallow?  I wish I could be more articulate, but I don't even know what I'm thinking about this.
bleed .one more time for me.cause my heart.is filled with loneliness.and this world.is filled with loneliness.  and i can't forgive myself for all the things i've done, but you... you do.
someone has hurt me. i don't think i could hold on if you were not here. if you, the one who i adore more than anyone else, can't be as strong as i know she is, then i know i can't either. i do realize that i don't go through what you go through babe but, u are so much greater than all this. show everyone that. that you can be and do anything that u want. i love you.
"My God, why have you forsaken me?"                                                                                              -Jesus    ---------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- -------------------  How digusting people can be.    Humanity is doomed.
I got a birthday card from Grandma/grandpa E today. I got money. 25.00. But I don't want money for my birthday... For my 16th I just want things to be okay... I want to be thin. Thin thin thin. Thats all. I won't have either. So...  I dont want anything at all.
Caleb phoned yesterday.  So I phoned him today.  I asked him what he wanted.  He said "To say Hey and let you know i'm not letting go of you."  God damnit.  I don't want him in my life.   This angers me so much.  I've pushed everyone out of my life.  I'm safer. But things still arent too much easier.
So.. Lindsey and I are talking again. Thank God. Arg.  Today I made her go to the hospital with me, and we had a good time actually. Really fun. But.. she went home.. and the hospital phoned saying it might be cancer in her eye. Scared the hell out of me. Infact I cried a lot.  I'm so worn out from crying.. ah... Bed time.  Night.
Well, nobody seems to read this anayway. My life is quite empty, I have lost one of the most precious things I have ever had.
#23 It's not the events of our lives that shape us, but our beliefs as to what those events mean.  -Anthony Robbins
I'm saddened by the news about Peter Jennings having cancer.  He is my favorite anchor man.  He has such an elegance about him, and a sincere, soft-spoken way of delivering the news.  Peter, I wish you the best!
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala llalalalalalalalalalalalalallalal  i'm done   no i'm not. i'm really bored, and i really feel like talking about something. but i hafta b at caitlins in 15 min, so i'll just leave you all with this thought:  if a chicken had lips...could it whistle?   peace
Every time I think about all the fun things we have done together, I feel sad. I can't believe its over. Its really over. I have to stop thinking of the good things and concentrate on the things I didn't like. I just need to talk to people it makes me feel better to tell them everything. It makes me feel like they understand. I have to be positive. I will be fine.
I have been overcome by sadness. I feel like i'm going to die. This feeling is so depressing..  Plus I'm getting sick. =/
It is three o clock and I am lonely and bored. *Little lost waif voice* Stephie promised she'd be online today... *Heartwrenchingly sad sigh*
http://defunked.net/archives/2004/08/ar gh/   I replied, just because I felt I had to defend myself -- was that too forward of me?  Well it's an old entry, so he'll probably never read it anyway.        Everyone is entitled to their opinion, of course, but I must admit I was hurt. :(  Luv, M
First of all: I wish you all a VERY MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!! I hope you are having a great time! =D&nbsp;
RIP Jenna Angela Buckley, only 1 day old.  One of my favorite teachers in HS loved loved LOVED kids. He has 3, and his wife was recently pregnant w/baby #4, a little girl to be named Jenna Angela Buckley. The poor, sweet little girl died the day she was born.  Mr. Buckley & family, my thoughts & prayers are with you...
its saturday night it probablt says sunday but anyways. tonight i went to a concert and met cj aaron steph and chris there. i was with steph most of the time though. 2 of the bands were good the one sucked. im tired i havent eaten all day, but i got a new soccer ball and a grind rail so thats a plus.
last night me and steph went to dippity dawg. then we walked to her house. On the way to her house it started to rain really hard, i said call your mom but she wanted to walk in it. half way back her mom picked us up thank god. today i sat around and played video games. im going to sit around and play them all night cause i have no friends. oh yeah and steph got mad at me today :(
Ahh, our beloved Pope has passed to God.  He is home now.  Let us rejoice for him  rather than weep for ourselves.  Deo valente
I don't know what to say...the cursor just blinks...I feel very sorry for you Hafsa, Newt, and all your friends back home. Why all these tragedies in the past three months, I don't understand it. I only met Claire once when we went up there, but she was such a nice person and I know how much Hafsa loved her so I can only imagine the pain you all are feeling. It makes me so sad. I love you all!
I hate how I’ve been feeling lately. I just feel so insecure about everything. And I do mean everything. Gods, I just want to feel better, I’m sick of feeling as though there is something wrong with me… I guess there must be something wrong with me though.. I just want to feel better again.
Post one of your memories about me. It can be anything you want. Then post this into your journal. See what people remember about you.
I just woke up and came downstairs to see my other bird gabrielle  laying at the bottom of her cage :( .    poor birdy,  now im sad.
Well I got off the phone with Victor a while ago. We were talking about us and how I don’t feel close to him anymore and so we decided to break up for good this time. He’s not gonna call me anymore and I’m not gonna call him anymore either…I’m so sad…I’m gonna go and cry an ocean now….laters.
Whoa, what happened to Lj for the last couple of days. I think it died and came back to life.  Its been super cold lately. Too cold to do anything. I havent gone out in the longest. I need a car and my license. Anywayz, i've been pretty down lately cuz bens always mad at me. Im sorry i am the way that i am. I miss how we all used to hang out. Its not the same anymore....
Saw this post on my friend Deepa's blog, titled  Harsh Reality .  How could anyone do this, and that too with such brutality?
life has really had it in for me these past 30 days.  hopefully the next 30 days will be a lot better.  perhaps it will begin with the sunshine will new years eve show at 35 plum. hopefully hopefully hopefully.
If you haven't heard it, you are missing out greatly. Check out Mr. Brightside by The Killers, it kicks major ass.  Tom sad he has to come back to Chambana today, but tis all right for home got somewhat boring. Made some money, got some cds, so all is good :)  See you all very shortly.
If you know me, you know who I'm talking about. I really just wish it wasn't so hard to get over.  I feel like I'm the only one dealing with it still sometimes.  So, if you read this and you're still dealing like I am...just leave me a reply...it would make me feel a little bit better.  I miss Sarah like crazy...if you all only knew.
I want to publicly offer my condolences to Jaye on the death of her beloved Grandmother.  Though her "Nana" lived a rich, full life to the age of 102...it is never easy to let go.  Jaye, you have been a most wonderful friend and my thoughts and prayers are with you and your family at this time.  Sharon
Mitch Hedberg is almost definitely dead.     He used to come to Sacramento all the time.  I wish I had seen him when I had the chance.  "An escalator can never break: it can only become stairs. You would never see an 'escalator temporarily out of order' sign, just 'escalator temporarily stairs, sorry for the convenience.'"  Drugs are bad, kids.
Howard Stern has reported that comedian Mitch Hedberg has died of a drug overdose.  I haven't been able to find any official confirmation.  Here's hoping that it ain't so!  "Mr. Pibb is a poor imitation of Dr. Pepper. Dude didn't even get his degree."  In other news, Terri Schiavo's body just died.
Please pray for Chepe and her family. She passed away from a car accident; her sister Andrea's recovering from some injuries. :(
......I know it is Sad that the Pope has left us... But he is in a better place...I know that he is at home now with his/our father... So Rest In Peace... You will Be Missed   &lt;3 ya
geeez all this talk about everyone's depressed..i think im outnumbered =\  i can't do much to make anyone better but all i can say is that...  i &hearts; L-O-V-E *hearts; all of you guys..no matter what...
Sick...my life was going in a new direction...and then it got all screwed up...as usual!  It's funny how things just don't work out for some people....
I just looked on the internet to find some pictures of my university town. They had some 3D animated ones where you get an overview. I was hoping it would make me feel better but it only made me sader. It so want to be there now. It was such a beautiful place to live...
im really starting to think that things will never work out in my life.  things go well for what, a few days, and then my life starts to fall apart again... all at once.  its not fair... why can't things ever just be easy for me? i can't deal with this, i just wish everything would work out for once...
so it is new years eve and i get the shittiest news possible, my mum's cancer spread right through to the muscle and into one of the tubes, let's just hope they can do something about it. i feel like im in a tug of war, i speak to meg i get in trouble. there is no  pleasing anybody
Its 4:46am and I'm still not asleep , just talking to U_Turn on msn , i think i have to go to a doctor.  I have school in like less than 5 hours too &gt;.
my fav lil ice cream store in houston is gone! dad's been in houston for the last 3 days and he was talking about stuff down there at dinner. so i had to ask if Dolce & Fredo was still there. he said no it was a Ben & Jerry's now. ack!!!! no bueno!!! Dolce & Fredo kicked soooo much ass! it was all italian ice cream, the best. kinda depressing that it's gone. plah
I'm still not that cool I'm just not that great You suckers found out a little too late You thought that this shit Would right fucking rock But your friends were right Cause I fucking suck
Job huntin' not going so well. So I've only got one option left.   I'm selling my cards. I don't want to... but I can't think of another way to make any money. I mean.. some of them are pretty rare... and should fetch something...  He really wants that money...  -_- So... anyone interested?
I dont get it How does everyone stay  motivated to draw Ive tried everything  and i dont think Ecko unlimited is going to reply to me i suppose everyone has to do something graphittic/urban-esque to for them to like you
I have few words at this time. .. the memories.  Phil and John, thank you for the laughs and the goodness of better and best times. May peace be with you and your families and may the Father bless your souls with eternal peace. We'll miss you.
Today's my last full day in London.  Wow, I feel like I've been here for a month and yet, I don't feel I've been here long enough.  But honestly, I'll be glad to get back home.  I miss my family and friends there....  :(  So, tomorrow afternoon I'll be leaving here, trying not to look back...  I'll never forget this wonderful time.  I can't wait to return.
"I will lend you my strength"  Does that mean leaving someone talking to thin air and wandering off when they really want to talk about important stuff?
Ah Well,   back in Cov and have to go to work tomorrow.  I had a very nice Christmas after all,  I had dinner cooked for me on Christmas day, and then spent the rest of the time beeing looked after by Naranek. With lots of lovely pressies too!   New year plans?  - do we have any suggestions?  Off to go and make something to eat having done all the housey stuff when i got back this afternoon.
Today waz good til I got home b/c I waz reading a LJ and found out somethin that hurt me inside. But I guess I just have to live with some great people I know doing things.
Something is wrong, and she's not telling me what it is.  And it hurts. I have no idea what it is, and she's not saying a word.
2 Algebra 2, Schroeder 3 Physics, Shuck 4 Homeroom, Russel (alex ducey i miss your homeroom hugs already) 5 Spanish 2, Koester 6 Band, Ballin 7 Percussion Ensemble, Bettner 8 Earth Science? Baney(will be changed I hope) 9 EnglishX, Cobine  i don't want to go back...you can't make me. do tell me if we share a class.
Three years. I went to the graveyard, lit a candle. Someone had beat me there and left flowers. Thats nice.
I just found out this morning that a good family friend died last week.  She was a nurse at the clinic we all went to when were kids...and she gave me my shots and helped me get over my fear of needles.  Later on she became the nurse at my high school.  She was a great woman, and will be terribly missed.
I hate myself at times....right now I just want to cry. I dont know why, but I want to cry, i feel useless and just plain down. I hate it when i feel like this or when i cry. I just hate it. Gah! I hate this...
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  THEY'RE DISCOUNTINUING THE SALE OF KINGDOM HEARTS!!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  *goes and dies*
I'm still running away. I won't play your hide and seek game. I was spinning free with a little sweet and simple numbing me. What a dizzy dance. This sweetness will not be concerned with me. No the sweetness will not be concerned with me.
........ I broke my Heero and Duo mug!!! HUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!
Sandy, my lover, my sweetheart.....Oh Sandy, how much I love you, remember that I will always be here for you, ONLY YOU! Remember that I'll be back just for YOU!...I wont leave you alone, I'll be back for our future!                           ♥ ~*7.30.03*~ ♥
I never wanted my lil sis growing up the same I did but I fear thats how its going to be.  Parents got into a really big fight last night and it just wasn't pretty.  I just hoped that for my sisters sake everything would work out but I geuss it won't be.  I'll keep you guys updated with whats going on.  ::In every life there is at least one fairytale, in mine it's nightmares::
Today or rather yesterday I found out that my great Uncle Marvin killed himself Monday morning. All I want to do it cry...and cry and cry. Why did he do this? Why is he making everyone feel so much pain? My Aunt Dee and Uncle Wes are coming up tomorrow and the funeral is in Stanberry on Wednesday. Please keep my family and I in your prayers.
I'm Joey Tribbiani from Friends!   Take the Friends Quiz here.   created by      stomps  .        HELLS YEAH!!!  I AM WHITENING MY TEETH RIGHT NOW, LOL!!!!  AND THEN....THE BEACH!!!...  oh, and um...happy...9/11 ?  MAX
damnit. damnit. damnit. damnit.  shit.shit.shit.shit. SHJDJKSDHKSDHFEKEJFSKLFJEIOFJJRKFGHSDKJS DLKHSDFRHUOFDJEKLRJA#$%&#%$#$&#($#($EJELAJE$HEKAF#$(%&#4  im too late and now its getting to me like i said it wouldnt.
if i leave here tomorrow would you still remember me? for i must be travelling on now theres too many places i havent seen. and if i stayed here with you now things just wouldnt be the same well i'm as free as a bird now and a bird you cannot change.
sorry i have updated a million times today but. i just found out that my friends brother comitted suicide.
If anyone has watched the news today, Reggie White passed away.  He was a great NFL player, and a great person of faith.  He passed away in his sleep this morning to a sleeping disorder.  Rest in peace, Reggie.
so...i dunno where amber is, but she is just not here.  i want my amberger.  where is she. anyway...have a good night
I've come to wonder who my true friends really are? I mean I love all of my friends more than anything but&nbsp;should&nbsp;I&nbsp;question&nbsp;if they even care the same way about me... they're everything to me. maybe the feeling isn't mutural.
I don't understand why people think that it's wrong for two people of different races to be together.  That makes me sad.
WEll, Valentines day sucked. I hate having the guy I like at a different school.  Right now there are two at my school that like me. They are both sort of odd...I don't know everything is weird right now. V-day sucks! I gotta go.
I can't think of anything that would fully describe how or why  Andrea Dworkin's death  affects me this much.  It's like I felt stronger just knowing she was out there.  And now my friends - now it's up to us to provide that fierceness, that critical analysis, and that passion - so that the ones behind us will have someone to draw strength from.  That is the best memorial we can give.
I'm back from Sakura Con and I miss everything about the con already （；＿；）。 The con was&nbsp;great&nbsp;but what's even better is&nbsp;I met lots of wonderful people to hang out with. It is my first con, and I've already fell inlove with it. I had lots and&nbsp;lots of&nbsp;fun and great memories that just&nbsp;took me away from reality for a bit..
It's my hope that Terri's suffering at the hands of the idiotic right-to-lifers will help shape more durable right-to-die legislation.      You're free now.
*sigh* Adam comes home tomorrow.  I'm happy about that.  I'm not so sure that I'm the best g/f in the world. :(  I just kinda feel that way sometimes.  I think its just one of those emotional weeks.  Like I've said before, being a girl totally sucks sometimes. :(  The emotional rollercoaster goes up and down, up and down.  I hate that...
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;
sakjf kljfkldsjfd sjfjlsdkfj;dslkjfsd f dsf sdfj sdjfldsf;jds f dsfj dsfj;dsjfsdjfdsljf; fj dsj;ofdljf;dsjf ds
Just when things started getting good.  Everything started to suck a lot more than usual....Oh well, I guess there's always tommorow but I dout things will be any better.
this sucks, i cant help from feeling lonely and depressed, i dont like this feeling, and i dont know what the hell to do about it :(
Why does it seem that everything that you try to do seems to come back and bite you? Im ready to give up. On certain people.....well.....a small amount of them really....  (numbers get smaller BTW) .   I can't seem to find a group to hang with. Maybe i should.... (biting lip to keep from saying something that i might regret later). I feel like trying to be nice is a complete waste of time.
Today...My lover finally scratched me...he doesn't love me anymore... He scratched me when I was trying to pick him up... Nah...it was my fault! He is a cat. His name is Fu Chi...means lucky(sort of)in Mandarin! yeah...he's a stray cat at Ash's apt complex...&gt; &lt; Ouchie...
Everything was going well with the cat door. He escaped a few times and always came right back so I started letting him out.  Now I haven't seen him in almost 48 hours. :-(
If you don't like Catholic's then please just don't say anything.&nbsp; Just ignore this.&nbsp; Some people are hurting right now.&nbsp; This man, John Paul, did alot for the world.&nbsp; Not just Catholics.&nbsp; We should be so lucky to find someone like him again.
OMG kaila Im such a bitch but i cant help it im sssssssooooooooo srry that u can tcome over maybe another time???
I'm so lonely and depressed&nbsp;right now. I hate spring break, really I do. Nobody cares. I finally broke down tonight. I'm freaking out and everything. To be lonely sucks....I miss one person real badly....I HATE IT!!! Omg...I want school and my friends back....
Hmmm... guys y do they have to be so damn hard, y cant they just like agree with everythign you say and y do the ones that u actually like have to be sooo far away most of the time....it's hard to deal with idk what to do and ugh....its just hard b/c u ever hardly get to see them, barely get to talk to them ( now a days) it just down right sucks!! well talk to ya'll later
OMGoodness....this proves im fat......this chick idk even knoe called my cell and was like if you don't leave my b/f alone i'm goin to make your life a living hell......and then she was like you stupid fat b****....and then she was like the only reason my bf hangs out with you is becuz he thinks ur ugly and he feels sorry for you.......Idk who her bf is...and right now im so upset...
The camaro is gone.  Sold it yesterday to some guy who wants to restore it.  Which is good, cause this way I know he won't wreck it or as my mom says "run it into the ground."  Still, that car was my life and now it's gone.  *sigh*  I miss her.
Apparently the FreeBSD team has announced a  public competition  to design a new logo for the FreeBSD operating system.  But the old logo was cute!  Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!
I got a job at Paradise Bakery. I was really happy when they first said i was hired. I should be ecstatic, but I am not. I can't do anything right, and all I do is fuck everything up.   I hate me.
Today i read something that just made me feel like, if someone ripped my heart right out of my chest and like stomped all over it.......     I feel like shit right now.......
So my ear is leaking goop and my heart is broken. My life as we know it is fricken ripping! Love is lame and I should have known.  like a colt 45: way to go you're broken  :(  like a colt 45: you are broke  Indeed Gavin, I am broken!
I know i said yesterday i said i wernt going to go college but i have decided i think it is best for me because it will give me a decent qualification..so i am guna be going at the end of the year *Cries* I dont wana but me and mum have been talkin and it is best for mee!..Im sorry :( ..but dont worry i aint guna forget any of you lot..u lot are always guna be my true mates ..trust me!..*Cries*
oh my days i really hate stayin in..!  I have been thinkin and i aint even sure bout leaving for college nemore..! I mean why am i botherin ..! when i got good mates here and i dont even no if im intrested in child care nemore cuz im actually quite boored of it ..  what shud i do !?  x
I'm really sad right now.  I wish someone would come cheer me up.  I'll just go outside for a smoke since its not like anyone I even know has a way here to cheer me up.  Blarg.
me n blanca became friends thursday nite&nbsp;i guess thats cool but now everyone is talkin but oh well... oh and yesturday was fun   till john ruined my day but thats ok cuz kayleigh n marque n markel n tc made my day up....well holla at me if u wanna kno details...
i need a boyfriend so bad but i dont kno who to go out with...so if u kno someone i should go out with then tell me cuz i need a boyfriend for valentines day i mean if i could stay with them that long lol...
hey...updatin jst now cos iv got sum kinda virus thing and its stoppin me from chattin on msn!!...its doin ma head in tho cos i think il hav to wipe everythin off my computer agen :c(
I Miss Football! I wish football lasted all year. I used to hate practices ware all we did is run but now i want to have any kind of practice. I think i accualy liked arguing with coach harvey and i know i loved coach chickalic or some way of spelling. My point is I MISS FOOTBALL
i miss karen i havnt seen her 4 a while i reely hope she comes friday&nbsp;ive beenn sick 4 da past 2days but im goin 2 skool 2morrow alright den comment
i remewved sum ppl awf muh frenz lizt kuz dey ax me 2..awl i wanded wuz sum frenz soi kould relat 2 but no 1 want 2 b frendz wit me.. iz aight i understayunds  so if ne1 eyzle wuant 2 b remooved up frum da frendz list uv minez.. denz commentz and awl remoove u..
I have not posted regarding Terri Schiavo. I have only listened and watched a nation and households debate and divide over what would be a womans life. I still have not even come to a decision on what even my own wishes would be.
So thinking that I got a day off. I HAVE TO GO WORK AT EB!!!  APPARENTLY I'M ON THE SCHEDULE!!!  I WANTED TO VEG!!! I'm sooo...sooo....I don't know right now.
I just realized that I just lost two of my best friends here at CSU. Both of them are not coming back next semester and are staying on their respective coasts.   Frankly, i dont care if im listening to ben harper. This song reminds me of every session over at their crazy tweaker pad.
I'm feeling somewhat better.  I just got back from my first concert of the semester.  Jazzy french and big band songs.  It went well except for the bass player throwing up...hot light, vomit, not a good combination.  Especially when one has to breath through one's nose to play. In two weeks, I have two concerts in one weekend...It's going to be a busy two weeks.
Whiskey has become my friend and pacifico beer. I am insanely sad. I need to get help to answer some questions....It is so odd how my days can start one way and end another! I hate it!
waah!!!my pusa_ni_kakashi email has been emptied!!!OMG!!!!all my naruto doujinshi scans are there,and all those that i have download in the ftp site on sasunaru is there..*wails* ..now,i'll never gonna read them anymore..*sobs* ..what will i do..i really wanna read it..and the email had been literaly emptied..o man!!       herchuckiness    help!! *sobs*
You're Marilyn Monroe!      What Classic Pin-Up Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla     bah i wish i was that hawt!  i dont know whats wrong with me guys. im just sad i suppose. but i dont have anything to be sad about&gt; im so lost.
its funny how life can be taken away so fast. it makes me realize how much i take my life for granted.   TS- r.i.p.
What did I do wrong??&nbsp; I wonder.... Maybe I'm just over reacting and jumping to conclusions, but I dunno.... Lastnight was really weird compared to normal. It actually really hurt. I dont even know why I care cuz were not together..... Im just lost... I dunno what he thinks, but I know how I feel and I have alot of feelings for him...... Nobody would understand...
I had the worst dream in my life lastnight. I woke up crying. I wanted to hold you so I could feel like every thing is safe. But I looked around and relised that I was alone.  Just cauz the theres less of the person, dosent mean thers less of the fealing.
So yea.... one year ago today my grandmother passed away.  It hurts so much....the tears burn...as much as the hole in my heart.
i've been looking thru my old toys to see what to sell on ebay... i found some rather interesting ones that i am basically sharing with you all - also... my bridges... kinda ugly looking at this point because my mid back keeps improving but my lower back does not at all      17 donkey kong rests?   1974 (c) geobra - they look like ms shy
I'm tired and at school.I couldn't sleep last night. I woke up atleast 10 times. I had so many different dreams. They aren't interesting so I won't post them. I wonder if Michelle made me any cookies. Happy Valentines Day.
So....i found out friday i think it was ...that my friend Meagen Kinney had died, her funeral was today :-(...i miss Meagen...she was MMS's Dance Team coach when i was on the team...she was murdered at her own freakin house...that pisses me off sooo bad...3 thirteen year old boys came up and were trying to rob her and she wouldnt give them the money so they shot her...that sickens me
i have laryngitis.  i sound like a cross between babe (the talking pig) and a boy going through puberty. this sucks a lot.
I figured out that I remember my dreams when I drink a cosmopolitan before bed. Or at least I seem to remember them on the nights I drink vodka. Well, no not so much just vodka, but vodka and cranberry. yummmm.......  BTW, will you be my friend?
Yup.   Not going.  Wow, that hurts... I'm sorry ne-san I tried really hard you know... and Crystal san... and anne san... I really wanted to go....... I don't know what to do now.... I need help!
Danielle got on and said "no one likes you & I think your stupid" then got off..I feel like crap...I wish I was never freakin born...I hate myself..I'm stupid, and every other insult in the book..Danielle was right no one likes me...at school anyways...if I killed myself who would care? what like 4 ppl?
You are A MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM--you flee the rule of Athens in order to marry some imbecile named Lysander.  Enjoy the marriage bed.      What Shakespeare Play Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla
A very sad thing happened this morning.  I didn't shut Sancho's birdcage properly last night, and this morning when Freya came into my room, she caught and killed him.  I'm heartbroken. My little buddy is gone, and it's my fault.
My cat is sick...  I was unable to get a vet appointment.  He may have to suffer a day longer  because I am a failure...  I suck...   -Mikey-
i never liked v day but to day relly sucked.but uther then that my life is ok.sept people i want to like me dont.but ya i hope today is better and i hope that person that i heard hates me dont.but ya ok well later.bye bye.alannah is the coolest and nicest girl ever.
Sometimes i want to yell at myself "why are you so stupid" why is it when you have everything that you want you suddenly feel scared and instead  of facing the fear you turn and run from it, risking everything tht you have.  Ive said something, and i know that i cant unsay it but i really wish that i could.
12:00 (exactly) the tears started flowin', litterally, ruined the make-up completly. what of 20 minutes applying it, huh?   What a horrible night- only so much a girl can handle. ya know?
yesterday was the worst day of my life. michael died yesterday morning @ 3am. my best friend in the world. im seriously at a loss for words i really dont know what to say. im absolutely devestated.   there is really nothing to say i guess.     R.I.P. Michael 7/21/04.....I love you
today was the worst day of my life. michael died this morning @ 3am. my best friend in the world. im seriously at a loss for words i really dont know what to say. im absolutely devestated.   there is really nothing to say i guess.     R.I.P. Michael 7/21/04.....I love you
Just saw the last 'Friends' epidsode ever.  It was so good!  And sad... *sniff sniff*  I'm going to miss it immensely.  Especially Phoebe!  The taxi driving was funny, as was her comment on the Von Trapp family.  *giggles*  I think I'll go wallow in my depression of Friends being over.  And Frasier's finishing next week.  And then Angel... boohoohoohooo *sob sob*  -Lee
Just found out that one of my favorite bands, The Get Up Kids, have decided to call it quits after 10 years of being a band together.    :(     It's a sad day now.  But they are doing one last tour together in June, so hopefully they will come around the area, or atleast in New England.
Back in AZ.  2 more days, ill be home saterday afternoon.  this is all crazy to me, i have work allready schedualed, im working the night of the 4th, my first fullday home. Hot as fuck, i miss the humidity of san antonio. im afraid for my life to start again.
yesterday was my last official day with my 3rd graders.  it was a sad day.  i think that will be one of the hardest things about teaching...getting to know and love your kids and then they leave.  I did get some cool presents though.
now i have to go home for a few days because my great grandma passed away:(  plus, i have two art projects due this week for finals.  it seems like everything happens at once *head explodes*
so what are you gays doing? nobody have written to me!! :(   today I skip the yoga..  I'm waiting for something to happen...  I hope somebody says something soon...!!!
Had yet another breakdown...Joyous. What's that like the second one within a week?  Wow I'm going fucking insane. Thanks Lauren and Justin. I love you both
inspired by Cari the care bear she don't know me, she don't care, she doesn't even know i exsist she doesn't give a damn, she thinks i'm a freak she think's i'm dead i have so many plans for life, but i won't complete them, i have so much to do, i have so much to live for, i have you to live for, waiting till summer, when i'll tell you...
the worst news: i'm prolly gonna be moving in a coupe of months. Denny Green is gonna get fired and if he gets fired, Daddy gets fired and then we have to move. Man oh man this sux. Oh yeah i kinda wanna keep this on the dl.
so today i babysat sam with nat...it was a fun time...we played scattegories it was the balls lol...then i came home, played video games with my dad and then me n the parents went out for ice cream...came home i played cribbage with my dad he skunked me...came online watched tv and then josh called...talk to him for a while now im gonna go watch bug juice...might make me feel better *manda
What I thought was so was so...fucking people.  Oh well, this just makes our relationship stronger Holly.  We are even now, and I love you more now than I did before, and I hope you can say the same.  I swear to you I will do nothing to cause you pain ever again, and I hope you can promise me the same.  I love you.
Got turned down by the first guy i've ever fallen in love with. But hey, i'll get over it, we are still friends which is nice. I dyed my hair, i'll have pix up soon on 10ml.
I love you all my family and best friends. My S club family :) Good luck in whatever you guys do. I'll always be here for any of you, just me a ring and i'll be by your side.
So my mom took Joey to the vet this morning and it turns out we were right, he has a kidney tumor.  So I guess we just try make his remaining time as good as possible.    I'm doing my best.. yesterday as I ate Cool Ranch Doritos for breakfast I let him nibble on one :-)  he loves his chips!!
It's true. I mean even though i still go out and stuff, it's just not the same without Soni. Even if i have fun, i know i would have had WAY MORE FUN with her! Girl - i can't wait till u come back! Muahz.
nothing will ever end up right will it? lol im really bored...and i just got outta the shower!! fun to know huh?! well today was a pretty gay day! it was definatly a lay around and do nothing lazzzzy day for sure! it sucked big moose balls but hey thats alright! i got fucking school tomorrow...which i dont want to go to!!! FUCK SCHOOL! ughh...well im outtie...
I don't know why I got so excited when my mum added me to her contact list on MSN. Maybe it's because she NEVER chats online, and that I miss her so goddamn much. :P She's not online now. :(
fucked up. started the rag. drank and smoked. ate over 5000 cals and there was no pizza. aww man cotton mouth. im too stoned to purge.
How do you sum up nearly 12 hours in a livejournal post?  I don't think you do.  I'll just say that I had a really nice day, but now it's almost like I didn't even leave.
Post a comment with some memories of me. It can be anything you want. Then post this in your journal. See what people remember about you.   Kara...can you get me a sticker thing....? Thanks..If you can.
Okay, tommarow is our graduation and I'm so sad, you have no idea! I swear im going to cry, I'm going to miss every one so much. And Stephanie said she would call be back like and hour ago, but she hasn't, oh no one loves me. But moreover I'm going to go to Target and buy nail polish and razor heads, so tata...
[HIATUS]:   I regret to say that I will not be making icons for a while, due to the fact that my Photoshop trial has concluded. I am now in the process of finding another trial on internet to download to my computer. Thank you for your patience.
I erased that poem that I wrote last night. Me no like lol! Plus if someone read between the lines of that they would know way too much!  ~Adair~
devin got a cell phone but it's a wierd 618 area code or some shit like that... so he called me and I talked to him while i was on break... I was supposed to call when I got off work but now it says somethign like "the number is incorrect" or some shit.... so I give up...    I'm so lonely... and bored... it's sad....
Well, Puerto Plata is a bust.  Vero just wrote and her boss (who was giving company discounts) said she can't go for some x or x reasons.  This means, I am not going.  This saddens me. :(  I was really looking forward to it too.
Des fois, y'a des gens qui sont super importants pis y'en ont aucune sacrament d'idée.  La fille de mes rêves habite loin d'ici...  Faut que cesse de trops lui parler aussi, parce que je ne pourrai point jamais l'avoir.  Cela, mes amis, c'est triste. :(
i truly think i might cry right now so much. it turns out that ryan has someone else. i guess i should figured but i didnt and now i trult think i might just cry for ever. ontop of that my bestfriend is being a complete ass to the girl that likes him and he supposely likes back. ggod i just wanna crawl up in a ball and cry and yell and scream and all the fun stuff.
Today was pretty bad.  I had some bad classes, anna wanted to beat up travis.  I felt like anna dosent even like me anymore.  I just want to kill someone (hello travis) ;).  I dont know why i am feeling like this.
HAS ANYONE HEARD FROM POND FROM THAILAND???? I WANT TO KNOW IF SHE'S OK ALL THE LINES FOR PHONE AND INTERNET CONNECTION ARE DOWN RIGHT NOW SO IF ANYONE HEARS FROM HER COMMENT PLEASE
wow there isnt alot to say today only that there is only 1 more fucking day of school.... thank god...
Hey guys...  IM LEAVING TO FLORIDA TODAY AT 7:30.. IM GUNNA MISS YOU ALL! :'( It makes me wanna cry cuz im leaving my darling friends and lover for 9 days.. Im coming back on the 6th.. or 7th.. i dont know which one..  Leave a comment for me to get back too!!  I love you guys!!
Bored as hell ALL DAY. Pretty much just woke up, played some IIDX, some KOF, listened to music, got dressed, played more KOF, listened to more music, talked to people, and now I'm doing this. Tomorrow's going to suck. It's just one of those feelings.  God Fucking Damnit.
Here is a link to his  obituary .  Of course, this doesn't tell you what an amazing father, grandfather, and person he was. He will be missed dearly.
This morning, when I was preparing to go to church for mass, I turned on the TV and was channel surfing when BBC's headline caught my attention..........The Pope has passed away already...........................
Ok.. so i have to get away from this city for a weekend... all that crap with work and i just need a break... anyone out there wanna host me for a weekend this month? Maybe the weekend of july 30- Aug 1 or Aug 6- Aug 8. Im just bored and sad and Pat said he would fly me somewhere if i wanted to go.  Rescue me :)
it occurred to me as I was slathering somebody's superbowl leftovers on an oversized tortilla chip that there are children in this country raised completely without 7-layer dip; children who probably think it was invented and perfected by Taco Bell  thats so sad...
Ask me one question - any one - about my writing, then post this in your LJ so I can satisfy my curiosity about yours.
For those of you who know - where can i find places to download TV show episodes.  Somehow our DVR didn't get Stargates SG-1 and Atlantis from two weeks ago and we're kind of dying to see them :)  I have never done such things before so i have no clue where to even begin looking.
This is a poem I just wrote.  It's written on paper and scanned in, so you'll have to deal with my horrid writing if you bother to read it.  Anyway, there is a reason I'm posting the poem this way and not typing it, there is also a reason why lines are written in different colours, but I'll let you figure that out for yourselves.       ~Raven~
Title:  Lifeline  Author: Simbelmynë Pairing: Boromir/Théodred Rating: PG Disclaimer: Tolkien = genius.  Simbelmynë = not so much. Summary: Boromir rests—or not—one night in Edoras on his way to Imladris. AN: X-posted.  Apologies if you see this more than once.   All is dark.
Death. It's a part of nature's cycle. I must strive to accept it.  Therefore, I will not weep for long; no. I will look Death in its emptied eye sockets and laugh.    I think the Hufflepuff would have wanted it that way.
Anomay, who plays both Kitazawa Yuki and Noriko, will be gone for the next few weeks.  So, her characters will be played temporarily by other members.  This is just to explain any sudden change in the style of writing, and so on.  :x  So wish her good luck on her finals, you guys.
This is an icon set I did in honor of the 10th anniversary of Kurt's death. Enjoy.   1.       2.   3.   4.   5.     Made by  Crimson . X-posted to:  1cons, _icons_, cranfruit_icons, gothicons, iconrequests
I am have no internet and I am lucky my friend is letting me use her's even if it's limited but damn it if I miss my own computer with my bookmarks and everything.  I have to wait till I am paid to get it turned back on but then again they told me my account was deleted by mistake yet I have to pay a bill...what the hell  I have no idea when I will get my net back *sobs*
~i'm so sad...arisa is gone!  well, that's war, huh? ( confused? )     Yuki Sohma Kyo Sohma Shigure Sohma Hatori Sohma Momiji Sohma Haru Sohma Kisa Sohma Ayame Sohma Saki Hanajima   ayame!
ok then entry thats there by me is not me ok so forget wat sed on there and if there is a way to delete i suggest you do cuz i would never say something like that about them I LOVE SHINHWA TOO dont worry hey i have there new album so i wouldnt be negative aboutt hem im jus sorry ppl had to read that but anyways know that its NOT true ^-^
Well it's finally come to pass. The last Netcom still alive is no more.  As of this morning Netcom UK is officially rebranded to Viatel.  a sad day
Well it's finally come to pass. The last Netcom still alive is no more.  As of this morning Netcom UK is officially rebranded to Viatel.  a sad day
I miss Meggi!!!!  I hope she's doing alright in the hospital. ...I was worrying about her all night there. ...I know what it's like to sleep in one of those places. It can be very creepy.
Meggi's mother made her delete her LJ today. so no more LJ for meggi. apparently she's reading my journal too, and that really pisses me off.  Meggi is ok as of right now. if she's still ok tommorow, then she always will be. tonight is the truning point. i've done what i can and given her ALOT better chance. now it's up to her. as long as she knows i'll ALWAYS love her no matter what happens...
Joey's Outta Site! A Friends and Family Memorial Page   Honoring the spirit  Of my brother-in-law, Joseph Louis Prevost, Who had AIDS.  Today,December First, Is Worlds AIDS Day.  sorry, too upset to attempt translation into french . . .
damn the final episode of the real world.  it reminds me of my own sad goodbyes.    "It's like the most amazing sunset you've ever seen There's never another quite the same It just falls into some deep eternal sea Like the end of a movie that makes you cry You're sad when it's over but you're glad you had That moment that moved you deep inside"  ohhhhhhhh how sad:(
Omg I can't believe the season finale is next week!!! I'm soo upset. I can't believe this season is ending already, it seems like it just started. And I know Tuesday is gonna come really fast too. I wonder what will happen w/ Landon and Shavonda, like if they'll decide to become a couple or what. Well I'll post again after the finale i suppose.
stone_and_fen    for what i'm about to do.  [okay, how about beer? jd? lots and lots of jd? okay, i'll get you the misfits lunchbox the next time i see it...]
http://websrvr60ny.audiovideoweb.com/ny 60web16514/index.html  Warning! Graphic Images.   PLEASE WATCH THIS AND SPREAD THE LINK ANYWHERE YOU CAN.  AFTER THE FILM ARE LINKS TO SIGH AND MAKE DONATIONS.
I had an "Infinity Welcomes Careful Drivers" T-shirt.  I had a Kochanski polo shirt from an offer in one of the old videos back in the mid-90's.  I now have neither after two ex-boyfriends have both nicked off with one each...  I thought I could replace them but even eBay is failing me.  Vicki sad! :(
I missed Canada AM this morning. Did anyone tape it? I'll buy a copy, and pay for shipping and everything... Or even if you don't have a copy, if you let me borrow yours, I'll send it back once I've copied it. Pleeeeaaase? If you could email me at saramayf@hotmail.com I'd be forever in your debt!
Rehersal for drum major auds is on the 12th... gah.. I hope i make it.. auds are on the 18th of aprill  random picture that I love     ^^Emily Duda,Betsy, Me, Emily DeLeo, Katie and Elena (take a guess where we were)  I miss florida
Um, I had a question about the last episode of "Digimon Tamers" (the third season). The song that plays in the very end, when the Digimon are forced to leave? Does anyone know if it's on any of the soundtracks?  Thank you if anyone can help me!
it saddens me to see that no body is supporting the larger than life community because they fucking rock!! mmm i love them
jeffs on campus, what's the story? rumor has it that gramps is not okay? :(   edit : professor norton starr confirms that gramps died yesterday afternoon around 2:30 pm. he has a lovely elegy up for gramps on his  .plan .  *sigh*   http://www.amherst.edu/memoriam/keyes.h tm
John Zachary DeLorean    ~ 6 January 1925 - 19 March 2005 ~   Died due to complications from a stroke      Creator of a    Timeless    vehicle.           Rest In Peace.   ~~~~~~~~~~  (At least he'll drive to the other side in style...)        (( Cross-posted from journal. ))
I sadly have to announce that t00baria is dead. The only three nations left here are all mine. Oh, well, it was nice while it lasted...
So, so, so cute! I just adore it! Would you guys want to affiliate it with my Cordy site,  Layers ? Let me know what you think! :)
Whoa... this really is a ghost planet. No one posts here anymore.   I guess it's 'cause they don't play Space Ghost anymore. : (  Damn it... they should bring it back!!!
http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/asiapcf/0 3/27/hester.suicide.reut/index.html   That's the saddest thing... I used to really dig him.
ok, I really need ppl to write in this community, and more so, I need to know how to get it to show up when ppl search interests. So please, do one or the other or both. Thank you if you do, :) Byez  Oh yeah, duh, the community is Dark_stories
Yet another post filled with Jinxy photos. I got some great funny ones today.                             x-posted
Slightly off topic, since this has to do with Teru's wife Ami and not really GLAY.  I just got an email from tofurecords.com that Puffy AmiYumi are doing an West coast US/Canada tour starting 4/22.  Details on  http://www.puffyamiyumi.com/   Also in August, looks like they'll be doing an east coast tour.  I'm wondering if I should go to the LA show... Maybe Takuro and his wife will show up ^_^
This is my daughter with an exact replica of Spilner's Eclipse from the first movie.       I don't know if any of you remember me, but I used to write TFATF fanfiction.  Not so much anymore.    I'm new to the community, however, so hello to all of you. *waves*  My favorite pairing is still Dom/Let, but I like Dom/Brian and Dom/Vince, too.  Even Vince/Let if it's written well.
I'm really sorry, but i have a lot of stuff going on and i can't keep up with the game. if you'd like to adopt Fixx, let me know, i will give you the password. all you guys are really great, and i am  gonna miss out on RPing with you.
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/7083671/    Thanks to       miaryann    for posting this in her lj.  This is a really sad article, and when I think about how the religious right in this country wants to go back to the dark ages and turn women into baby factories it makes me doubly upset. David
Yet another post filled with Jinxy photos. I got some great funny ones today.                           x-posted
Due to a lack of nominations this week, voting will be held off until next week. ^^;; Get those nominations in!
I lost my pet ferret a few weeks ago. He was able to force his way out the front door. I am offering a $100.00 reward for his (live) return. If you have found him, please call me at 5-6012  Thx!
mommie has a hairy chest its harrier than all the rest! oh my! its the best!  mommie wants to shave it all! she said that it was my call.  i said that she shouldnt do it. then her brain just went ka-ploo-it!
Sorry, guys, but it turns out that I can't be in phoenix anymore. :( School's keeping me very busy, and it wouldn't be fair to you guys. You can remove me, glaelia.  Once again, I'm really sorry. This is a great RPG, and I'll miss you all.
Mao nanya neh obat cuci muka apaannn yg cocok buat kulit muka yang kering,kasar gitu&nbsp;terus ada jerawatan walaupun ngk banyak sih :P :P yg ada bekas jerawat nya...
Okay, so I lied... Considering the grades I got last quarter, and my class load this one... &gt;.&gt; I'm going to have retract my previous statement and drop Sanada. I totaly didnt want to do this, because I love the big dork, but I dont have the time to properly take care of him. Soo sorry to leave like this. I love you all!
So, I finaly decided that I have to cut back on some rps. And I rarely use Yuuta, so I'm going to have to give him up. Its not fair to him nor to anyone who wants to play him. :( I'm going to keep Sanada, though. :D So you havent seen the last of me.  Email me (cherprudence@gmail.com) or Aim me (BirdyBabe2) for the password or what not if this journal is going to be used again.
The link to her obituary online and it has a guestbook where you can offer sympathies to her family.   http://www.legacy.com/mobile/LegacySubP age2.asp?Page=LifeStory&PersonId=2736744
February 24, 1968 - March 30, 2005  No more pain . . .    Tragically, Mitch Hedberg passed away on March 30, 2005. One of the damn funniest comedians I ever watched on Comedy Central. No official announcement on cause of death, but most people have figured it was an overdose.
http://www.guardian.co.uk/obituaries/st ory/0,3604,1431824,00.html   RIP the voice of the Friday Night Rock Show.  Thanks for all the years Tommy.
I was just looking over inuyasha the moon website (a site with inuyasha images) and found this really sad one. Once you see it you will like, know what it is. *Sniffle* I stared at it for a while. Made me cry. You should all see it.    http://www.inu-yasha.themoon.co.uk/n/ko haku/kohaku015.jpg   Go there. It's heartbreaking. *Cries*
My beta fish I named after Rickert died this morning.  I went to feed him and play with him but he didn't move - don't think I've ever been so sad over a fish.  So I posted this in honor of Rickert, since it's been slow here lately.  And here's a picture I drew in paint just now at work -
Crowded House Drummer Paul Hester Found Dead    I was definitely a Split Enz and Crowded House fan, especially Split Enz.  They straddled the line between quirky and tuneful very well indeed, in a special style that could have only come from New Zealand in the 80s.    Sad news indeed.
Sad to say, I just found out that as of February 28, the world of music has lost another great.     Jimmy Smith (1928-2005)      One of the true kings of funky jazz.  Farewell, Jimmy Smith.
Had a weird / sad moment today when I picked up the mail.  I got one of those official notices from the Social Security agency and it came addressed to "MaryEllen O'Cain".  Sigh... I guess I should change my name with them.  It's changed everywhere else but for some reason I never changed it with them I guess.   It's still sinking in I think.
I just broke my Crow pewter figurine.  The head snapped right off.  Anyone have any ideas on possible salvage?
Sadly, I can't go to states for family reasons. I was so excited to. I just found out today 2, so now they have to find a replacement for me. I feel so bad.....
it hasn't gotten any better for me. I guess it just doesn't get better. I want my jimbo back.     fuck
Hey Everyone,   I have to leave the rpg, but I will miss it! Thanks for being so great!   I hope you guys have fun with it!  -Me
Und today I vas playing the most best game ever.  Magic Zhe Gathering.  Only I couldn't figure out how to get zhe creatures out of zhe card und into zhis plain to help me with mein plan to take over zhe vorld.
Does anyone else think this whole not being able to communicate with Justin through LJ sucks? I do. :( *Sigh* I wish I had more time.
Not Sure If You Know This News, But Bruce Posted It In A Thread On The Kidneythieves Forum About A Week Ago...:  "Free's Mission Was To Kill Kidneythieves, And She Succeeded. We Waited Two Years For Her But She Just Bailed."  I Realise That This Is A Free Solo Work Forum, But Thought The Kidneythieves Fans Here Might Like (Or Not Like) To Know.
I'm 99% sure that the jasmine plant on my desk at the office has spider mites.. what do I do to get rid of these evil little guys?
I am sadly, sadly deprived. If I want ANY LM music, I have to sing... I don't even have the sheet music anymore, so I can't play on trumpet (my evil sister took it, denies she has it, and is in Germany until June). She also has the CDs. So please, if anyone has ANY LM, please please please give to the poor, starving Grantaires....
today is self-injury awareness day.  not a lot of people are aware (oddly enough), so i got a lot of questions about my orange ribbon (orange = self-injurer, orange and white = healed self-injurer, white = understands).  people suck occasionally... also, please tell people that not all self-injurers cut themselves...
What can you do for a 3 month old with a terrible cold besides suffer?  Phoebe has her first cold and she's miserable:*(
I found out, yesterday, that Ashentaine -a fur who I met on FurryMUCK years ago- passed away back around March 1st.  He took his own life, by all accounts.  I only hung out with him for a few months but fell out of touch with him for the intervening years.  I don't know what to say or how to feel other than to hope he's at peace.  Yours, Sylvan (Dave)
i just get back to the LJ forms and find out that wabbitcalif has died  i feel so bad and hope thay can raise that money needed  go to :  http://www.livejournal.com/users/ursusc al/103800.html?view=272504#t272504  and try to help out  thx guys  -NeKo
Final ruling on the business case. I get half of my mark. So I've ended up with 46.5% on my beautiful case. I'm not sure whether I'll be appealing, but I'm keeping my options open.  In far worse news,  the body of Cecilia Zhang was identified yesterday . My thoughts and prayers are with her family. This kinda thing shows just how petty my problems are.
*Emerges from bed*  *Is not insane anymore but still is a little fragile*  *Realises that she has been seriously neglecting her family of late*  *Wonders how Elros, Elrond and the grand-babies have been doing*  My children....*sigh*.....  Idril   *Wraps up well in a coat and goes for a walk in the park to clear her head*  * Brings her valium just in case*
It could almost be an analogy.  Please, if you live in the US,  help the UCC buck the conservative and fundamentalist stranglehold on the media .  You'd think with all the gay themed shows and advertisements that an ad for a  church  would be no sweat.  Think again.  Here is their own blog-oriented blurb:
A winged cat has been killed by villagers near the Central Russian city of Kursk. The locals drowned the deformed puss after believing it was a messenger of Satan, the Komsomolskaya Pravda newspaper reports.    You can read the story and see the picture  here .
:'(   *saddles her horses and rides off to find Elentir*  *hopes that a horserace will take her mind off of things*  Elentir? *sniff* Wanna *hic* race?   ;_;
Ive decided I REALLY want a portable mp3 player...because I have way too much music and its ALL on my computer...itd be nice to listen to my tunes and be in the kitchen &gt;:o
Jam master Jay is gone ! How sad I am today!   Its tricky to rock a rhyme to rock a rhyme on time its tricky.  :( niki
Guess it's official.  I'm going.  Getting my tickets tomorrow morning at Ticketmaster.  Looking up plane tickets now.  So worth it.  Hopefully I'll see some of you guys there.
This is my obligatory "HEY EVERYONE IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!" entry.  Now, most of you get to leave a note saying "W00T HAPPY 17TH!"  And I say "OMG THANKS!"  Then, I turn off the lights and cry for a while.  I think I'm going to buy a present for my mom today.
If I had a boyfriend to suck money out of, I'd be  there . If I had a girlfriend who was sweet and gave me lots of cash, I'd be  there  If I were a whore and slept on a pile of money, I'd be  there . If I were rich, I'd be  there . If I were a bit closer located, I'd be  there . If I were a cam!whore, I'd get some creepy old guy to send me  there .  *SOB* I wanna go to  Nimbus 2003 .
Time to change.. Things change.. I have to change too.. Lets start from the beginning..  Good Night All... Have a good Sleep..
i'm really trying to be ok...it's kinda scary... trying really really hard to let things go...and just...be ok... honestly, i'm just fooling myself, and prolly not fooling anyone else.. but i'm trying not to talk about it, and to just let things be. sigh, i wish i was better at it...
For what it's worth friends, John Paul is in my thoughts tonight. I may not be Catholic but that doesn't mean I will not honor the memory of a great man who has done great things in the service of humanity.
listening to eighties music is making me sad . . .  "And We Danced" by The Hooters made me burst out crying . . .  the eighties . . .  a very emotional decade for me and karen . . .  i moved to new haven,connecticut in december 1979 . . .
Nothing will ever come of a person that truly believes nothing they do will ever amount to anything good, useful, or helpful to the world or anyone else.
So i just read  in this article from the Bryan/College Station Eagle  that a guy i went to Temple High with was electrocuted over the weekend.  He was a good guy.  I didn't really know him that well, but well enough to chat some around campus.  A real shame.  Everyone be careful at your job, please.
Even if you were the one who did it cause you've been wanting to do it for so long and you know it was the right thing to do?  Damnit, stupid chest pains won't go away. And the  tears ,  ugh , don't get me started on the tears.  It's like breakups are  supposed  to hurt, no matter how "pleasant" they are.
Blog of Death: Wanda Alston   What do you want to bet some redneck is going to claim she deserved it, or it was "God's will" for being gay?   View this post on my blog
What Does Your Inner Soul Look Like?::male and female pics:: by   angel_drifter        Name:           Favorite Colors:           What your Inner Soul Looks Like:           Your Weakness:    Love      What you Are:    Healer               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
=( I'M EXTREMEMEMEMEMEMEMEMEMMEMEMLY SAD!!! Why.. because I wanna watch Hanakimi, in manga. =(( and ANIME if I can...=( and I can't download Thief and Detective from BT from Aku-tenshi.   SAD!!!! THe MORE I LOOK AT HANAKIMI PICTURES THE MORE I WANT TO WATCH THE MANGA!!! *cries out loud*
*paces around and gibbers to herself*  Whaddawedo? Whaddawedo? Gothmog doesn't know anything about children, how is she going to get a balanced education with THEM!? I'm no good at this sort of thing, I'm not a fighty-counter-kidnappy type, I'm a healing type, and it's not like she was really unhappy here...;_;
*Wanders around her island in Lorellin in a glorious strop*  I don't like people checking out of  hospital  Lorien without discussing it with me first and I don't like  death.  No death is funny, despite what my mun has to say about it. &gt;:(
Fellow Valar? Can we do something about this  bauble  Silmaril situation? The angst is giving me a headache. :S  *sets up The Ring of Doom*  *puts a flask of coffee and a plate of biscuits on a trolley at the back*
Goodbye Adams Mark,  I have had fond memories of you.  I think I will visit you one last time to remember the good ones.  *tear*
I can feel it ending. I can feel everything around me dying. I've been hit so hard and I can't get myself back up. I'm holding on to a thread of hope. It's all coming down. I want to be alone when I burn.  -Fox
I wish I could see you, father. I wish I could meet you just once. I need you, father. I need you, mother. ::sighs::....  -Fox
My dad's email account just recieved a spam from a "Francis Black" wanting to sell him Viagra. Poor Frank. Obviously his solo career isn't going so well.
Well I'm finally home and can relax. Probably the worst thing to do because now I'm crying. It has time now to sink it that I have lost all my grandparents and my great aunt. The people who have helped my and supported me more in my life than my own parents have are gone from this earth. Well I guess life goes on.
I cannot believe it....Tamewolf (Tamey) is gone, it cant be true *sniffles* it just cant be....god I am speechless here. I dont know...I just dont know.....Tame, you've been a good friend to chat with *sniffles* rest in peace fellow wolf, my friend *howls sorrowfully*
*wonders who that strange lady is that's currently staying at the talan*  *sits on the front porch and waits for Lindorie to show up finally*    Maybe she isn't coming at all. But why then? And why is that lady here and not Lindorie. :( :( :(
*waits for his papa to take a nap*  *sneaks out of the house and goes looking for Maglor*  *wanders around Tirion, the beach and surrounding area looking for Maglor*  *misses his ada lots and wants him back and is scared and stuff*  ;_;
OH, how i miss the sea so much. I miss everything. I am going to go look out of a window now.  *looks out of a window*  OH THE SEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.   *weeps*  Look at me, i'm wasting away because i won't eat or sleep because i miss THE SEA THE SEA THE BEAUTIFUL SEA.  Where is my husband? I want to upset him if i can tear him away from the palantir.
if anyone is or was actually interested in being my friend, comment here to be re-added or added. bye
My beautiful Collie was just diagnosed with cancer. She has about a week to live and then we have to put her down because she's in too much pain. :(  I will miss her. If you want to see pictures of her, go to my  sister's website .  We had to put our cat down in October because of cancer as well. We have a new kitten, but it's tough losing two animals in a year.
At 7:00 PM CST my grandfather passed away today. I'll be out of town for almost a week for the funeral. Leaving Thursday morning. more to come..just can't write more right now
my grandmother died this morning. I didn't find out until after I got home from school.   I have no words.
I'm considering writing all my essays in blood, that way they might give me more time inbetween them to actually have a life. But I doubt it. They'd probably send me to Addenbrookes and have me write more whilst having a blood transfusion.   In other news, work has prevented me from going home for the second weekend in a row. There doesn't seem much point now it's week 6. Bastards.
my internet is acting funny :( that makes me sad. i e-mailed a couple ppl but don't know if it got sent.  stoopid internet.  *looks around for things to do* well i suppose i could go and better myself ect..haha, whatever, i'll probably go to sleep early and get nice and rested up for 80's nite.
So, not for the first time, my dad just told me how worthless I am.  My mom and dad just had a huge arguement, and my dad just drove away.  /shrug.  I'm going for a walk.
Stickers are soothing. I wish I had some.  It's ok for me to be upset. Just please don't let it take over my life.  Please, I don't want to be sad for life. Don't make me feel sad.
Hi!!! There's nothing new in my life... I'm just a little pissed off now! It's nothing! Well, today is FRIENDS' last episode here in Brazil! :{ Can anyone answer me why everything good has to have an end? Buaaahhh!! Buaaahhh!! Buaaahhh!! Buaaahhh!! Buaaahhh!!Buaaahhh!! Buaaahhh!! Buaaahhh!! Buaaahhh! !Buaaahhh!!Buaaahhh!! Buaaahhh!! Buaaahhh!! Buaaahhh!! Buaaahhh!! Buaaahhh!!
As I drove through the streets of downtown Los Angeles, I was struck by the many faces that called the sidewalk they're home.  All have a story, but only a few have hope.  I wish there was more that I could do, I will...
I have written, and rewritten this entry so many times...  I've lost someone special to me. There are no words...
Why does everyone leave Chii and Anzu alone?  Rukia left but then she came back. Then Rukia and Envy left together and did not come back. Then Ban and Ginji left.  Chii! u.u
I've always thought of myself as a pretty romantic guy.  Well, apparently I found out I'm not.  So much for that.
Nienna, heal my grief, teach me of endurance so that I may heal others  Yavanna, bring me strength, make me supple so that I may bend without breaking  Varda, cast my soul among your brightest heavens, that I might shine with your light
my life's been so uncertain lately, in the last month or two, and i've fallen back into smoking. i want to quit.  i hate it.  it makes me angry with myself.  well, a lot of things make me angry with myself.  but i want to quit again. starting today.  and i'll probably be defensive and a bit touchy for a while, but please be patient with me.
I thought I would be quite indifferent about the death of the Pope since I don't practice Catholicism anymore.&nbsp; Who knew it would make me sad.&nbsp; I guess the church had more impact upon the person I am more than I thought.
for a little while, at least. I know I'll start up again at any moment though. Here's one of Persephone and me playing the innocent(heh) shot by Glenn...
I'm sad to hear of the passing of Hunter S. Thomson.   It's some small comfort to think that he probably died the way he wanted to.  R.I.P.
Today felt like this:  owowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowow ow owowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowow ow owowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowhurt ow  taking the skytrain to/from school was awful being on the bus to/from school was awful being at school was also awful
I think my hair is reverting to its natural straight state. The cute little spiral curls have turned wavy -- only a week after I got a perm. To think I comb it only before and after taking a bath, and apply leave-on conditioner religiously. The rest of the time, I just fingercomb and fluff it a bit.  Sigh.
damn...I totally got blown off today...this is the second time. fuck..this is starting to be really fucking depressing.
I wanted Buttercup to scratch my head...HEEHEE!       My beautiful Buttercup   Me!    Us sitting on the back of  Mommy's  chair.    Me sitting on the monkey that  Uncle Brad  got for mommy. I love biting his nose! HEEHEE!  Das all..
Dear Harry,  I wish we had had more time to talk before you left. I hope you're alright where ever you are.   I'm sorry that I haven't been there for you lately. I'm glad that you have been able to find another to take my place. I just want you to know that if you ever need anything, I'll still be there.  Ron
We could've owned a monkey.  JJ won't let $teve have a monkey.  Neko (Saddened by the loss of a nonexistent monkey)
The headline says it all from  http://www.boston.com   Red Sox rally in ninth, then promptly blow it  Jason Varitek homered off Mariano Rivera in the ninth inning today to tie the score, but Keith Foulke gave up a homer to Derek Jeter in the bottom if the inning as the Sox fell to 0-2.  Ugh.
I will never be able to make everyone happy all the time. My major flaw is that I  have  to. I can't control it.
I'm at the Los Angeles International AIrport alone waiting for my 6am flight. Anj boarded her plane around 1230am. We didn't want to let go of each other and wer crying while waiting at a table. So sad. I saw her plane leave. I wanted to shout so she would notice me but there was glass separating the room and she was too far away to even hear it. huhuhuh
It comes to something when I'm impatiently waiting for a character I used to love to get his pathetic stalker arse  off  the damn screen so we can get back to the parts where my Big Gay Cop Show just keeps on breaking my heart in the very best of ways.  (substitute Cop for Vampire and this all starts to get eerily familiar....)  I now have to go wash eyeliner off my cheeks.
Finally have caught up on all episodes.  Just finished watching  "Do No Harm"  with twin...   and cried like a little girl  ... I'm just so overly emotional sometimes *weep* *sniffle*
Not too much to say right now.    Coming home for Thanksgiving.   "I am thankful for people like Ali Murphey"  Hope to see you guys. I miss you SO much I can't even describe. If you don't go to the football game, I will have to punch you in the face. Ok maybe not. But still...  ~*love Kerrin*~
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   My CUPE pen just died!!!!  Oh, the humanity!  *sob*   In other news, anyone wanna go to Flip, Toss & Thai for supper tonight?
Happy Anniversary, baby.  Well, about as happy as we can manage it, ne.  I just don't know anymore.    Merry Christmas to all the rest of you.
I was going to see Sin City tonight but the last showing is at 11:40, so fuck me. I'll probably just end up driving around alone as usual.  This has been the worst spring break. I fucking hate this place, and my life.   Just want it to be thursday so I can get out of here for a few days.
I thought I would throw this together real quick. The least I could do for one of my favorite comedians.
dearest raoul,  he was a gnat i caught then tourtured with a paintbrush then finally smashed.  i put him out of his misery.  oh i only knew him for 5 minutes.  yet after i squished him he was still moving....is this a sign?  oh no raoul i shall miss you
I walked into this vintage store. Marilyn Monroe dresses, Betty Page shoes, An old Elton John song playing on the radio. All the glamour of the past, resold To people who wish to put a pretty face on, Dance away the night, until the somber morning comes Raining futility.  My heart aches with the meaninglessness of it all.
i'm waiting... for something... i dunno what.  but if i dont get it, or anything.. soon, i'll cry.  again.
I've made some changes in my life and I've decided to start posting Friends only.  If you're interested in reading my journal please let comment and I'll consider adding you.  Best wishes to all!  -Heather
I had my MRI this morning.  Kodo went to weasel heaven while I was there.  Can this week get any worse?  I just want it to be over now.
So my big problem with the Goth test is that they grouped hippies and yuppies together.  What is that shit?  Will someone kindly explain to me exactly how hippies and yuppies are supposed to be anything alike?  A subculture defined by the desire for money and "success" and a subculture defined by... thinking those things are gay?
*doesn't like the fact he seems to have  upset his Ada * :(  *doesn't like the fact his other Ada is  sulking around and scowling at a bottle of pills * :S  *gets his toy Nazgul and plays morosely in the mini-Mordor behind the temple*
Next time, we are going to burn our art, our MP3's, our homework files, our text files, our novel files, our vid files, our photography files, and every other freaking file.. to a disc. Before XP erases the preexisting system on the computer.  Lost everything. *sob*  ‡Bricket, Mourning Squirrel, Out. *************   Fehmonkies. v.v
silverpatronus    is  missing Carnival  something awful. Give her a hug :(        Harder to Breathe  -  Maroon 5
so today we had delayed opening  i wasn't going to go to school because i was supposed to go to shannons  but it turns out..i ended up not going :\  so hopefully i can go to her playoff game tomorrow  then she's coming over friday to meet andrew!  it's going to be a sick day.  later xoshannonxo
so i feel incredibly in my body right now, and just so damn happy.  I feel like I'm not carrying around this burden that I seem to always ignore.  I want to feel this way all the time.  I think I'm making progress in whatever it is that I'm supposed to be making progress in.  Life?  Something like that.
just kidding.  That lj-cut title seems to work well. One of these days, I'm going to pack up everything I want, and I'm going to run away. I don't know where. I'll be gone. Starting a new life. I am so afraid of it, and yet I want it. I want to be able to cleanse myself of all of this.
One of my hammies died today.    But, David Bowie is coming out with his Reality album, so that makes me happy.  I love David Bowie.  My hammies love him too.  I miss my little hammie.  But, I have 3 others to keep me company.   I held her as she died until he called, then my mother held her until she just sort of sighed and was gone.  I miss my poor hammie.    *goes to a corner and cries*
Stockholm - After a tough season of sponsorship pullouts, bad sportsmanship and several cases of Viagra abuse, the epitome of competitive levitation was played out in the midst of high drama.
• straight as • the littledoghouse • saturdays • theatre • scav hunt • hopes of grad school or geekdom
I hate that I do this all the time.    I'm the one who gets treated like shit, and yet I feel like the asshole in the morning.  I don't understand how this works.    I want to go back to sleep and wake up tomorrow.
I'm sad.  But I don't want to talk about, nor should I anyway.  I just felt like writing that I am sad.
I didn't like today very much.  Twas rather depressing.  I hate when my friends fight. Makes me gloomy. Especiially when it's over stupid shit.  And boy made me depressed.    Anyway. I can play the piano. Reading music, that is. Isn't that awesome? Woo for practicing and comprehending music. haha the site reading helped me alot.  I hope tomorrow is a good day.
Happy birthday!     Ooooh... osborg has one girlfriend.... but who?  *sniff* I can't believe a whole year's gone already. That's another year I won't get back.    **Out of interest: Some may dispute that Feb 8th is actually osborg's birthday, when the first post was written. But osborg himself was born on Feb 7.**
While I'm sitting here waiting for Adam to take me out on my last "REAL" day in Colorado.  I'm getting kinda sad.  I love it here!  But I do miss my parents a little.  I just wish that I had longer to hang out.  But we are planning on coming out here again in a couple months.  So it's giving me something to look forward too.  Not to mention, I really liked Adams folks.  Well, gotta run...
Oscar, my 18 (?the fish was supposed to be 13 when JA gave it to me almost 5 years ago...) year old silver dollar, is passing from his current fishy mortal coil.  Currently upended but still kicking, he'll surely be gone by morning.   Damn.  Harleydog, please let JA know. I hope it's from old age, but I don't know how long they are supposed to live. I know it's only a fish, but damn I'm sad.
All right, we need to state something for the record.  The Powers and the Elders are on the same network, but have different duties.   This?   Not our idea.    We are responsible for the fabulous perm, however.  Just our way of saying, "Sorry!"
Today my parent&#8217;s bird died.  (it was a Cockatiel)  He was 22 years old.  I don&#8217;t ever remember not having him, being as I was 2 when they got him...  =[
Daisuke, I hate you. But I can't help but love you. You made me cry a little, but you hurt me a lot. Damn you. You got out my weakness. I gave you all that I could, but you just...push everyone away.....I can't decide. Whether I should leave...or stay.  o.0; That wasn't meant to sound like a poem. It's a note.
my grandpa died this morning and my parents won't let me go to the funeral because of school so i'm really sad...
Please pray for Chepe and her family. She passed away from a car accident; her sister Andrea's recovering from some injuries. :(
I'm sad. One of the dogs from the rescue centre I volunteer at, passed away a few hours ago. Bye Luke... :-( At least his last years were good.
I have come to the conclusions Glorfie is either:  a) dead b) hates me and doesn't want to come back c) really really really dead d) deader than dead e) really fucking dead  Yeah.   ;__;  I think poor little Absinthe was devastated, he tried to shove a goblin in his mouth. :(  I'm going to weep now.
......... :(    But..I....  I don't hate  you !!!!  Glorfie  hates you! You were my favorite pet!!!!! No matter what other goblin I let in our home none were as  fucking psychoitc, demonic, and as homicidal  special as you!!  :(  I just said those things because I was upset.   Damnit, damnit, damnit, guilt trip...going to bang head in mirror again....
"But remember this, Every other kiss, That you ever give Long as we both live When you need the hand of another man, One you really can surrender with,  I will wait for you, Like I always do,  There's something there, That can't compare with any other..."
For the nth time, I have woken up.  Many times I have woken up, only to fall back asleep again.  The dreams were too good to give up.  But now I find it hurts to be awake because I slept for too long.  I will count the hours until I fall asleep again...
Vale Ben.  I only met you a few times, but you indelibly touched so many people I know.     Enjoy the flight, Mr Bear.
She was my introduction to the wonderful, mind-expanding realms of Science Fiction and Fantasy. My earliest memories of Science Fiction stories were from her works.
and though you'll grow away no matter how you change, I'll know you. And when you tire of life alone, there will always be one sure way back home...  You just turn on the quiet, and you close your eyes and listen inside.
Mitch Hedberg is almost definitely dead.     He used to come to Sacramento all the time.  I wish I had seen him when I had the chance.  "An escalator can never break: it can only become stairs. You would never see an 'escalator temporarily out of order' sign, just 'escalator temporarily stairs, sorry for the convenience.'"  Drugs are bad, kids.
Howard Stern has reported that comedian Mitch Hedberg has died of a drug overdose.  I haven't been able to find any official confirmation.  Here's hoping that it ain't so!  "Mr. Pibb is a poor imitation of Dr. Pepper. Dude didn't even get his degree."  In other news, Terri Schiavo's body just died.
i don't think i can go to       mutek    due to school :( and one of my coworkers already requested time off during       demf   , so i won't be able to head to detroit until that friday night after work.
Yeah, I know it is all over the blogoverse.  Deal.  Damn, Mitch.  Damn.  Rest in peace, man.  Find a better place.
Why, oh, why did I think it was a good idea to come home after a really bad day and watch one of the   movies that makes me cry  . *sobbing* Idiot.  [edit: 1:07am. And now I have a headache from crying too hard. Wonderful. Ugh. Sleep.]
I'm frustrated coz' I'll be delaying my Birthday Celebration...  I guess I have to face the three consecutive Long Tests this week     What a gift! It shouldn't been more touching if "It's the thought that only counts."           To All of the Peeps out there: Advance Happy Valentines Day! (yah, most of the people out there will celebrate it on Feb. 13)        I'm still sad...
normally i wouldnt post song lyrics on here, but i dunno, feeling artistically inclinded, found these lyrics and it reminded me of when i did this play...
How could you JJ? How could you?  No television show has ever made me cry before, and I have done so on every single sad episode of  Lost  so far. This one, though, takes the cake. My chest still feels tight.  I don't want to spoil anything, but Jesus... that was so hard, and I'll miss him so much.  *cries*
a friend of mine from my high school years is in a coma and is going to die.  i guess the only option at this point is whether or not to donate her organs.  this is so sad...  she is younger than i am!
I hate mook's job. I hate that he comes home miserable more often than not. I hate that he gets paid poorly. I hate seeing him an hour or two a day 4-5 days a week. I miss my husband.
I've been reading her books since grade school and she's probably the one writer that got me into science fiction.  My favorites?  Probably Beast Master/Lord of Thunder, Outside and Year of the Unicorn.   And then there's Night of Masks, Witch World, Janus adventures, Solar Queen... *sigh*
I have lost the precious*...  Where is the precious?          *The precious is a ring.  Not the ring of LOTR, but a ring of great sentimental value.  Today sucks the long hard one.
So yeah.  The landlady's finally gotten an offer on the house and is seeking the permit to get it demolished.  The hearing's Monday, 505 Barton Springs Rd #325 ig you want to come and show solidarity.  Any ideas on proving the house's importance to Tx Architecture or history would be greatly appreciated.
This guy was damn funny.  Think the stoner in your high school that made you get in trouble for laughing in class.  What a pity...  Check out some of his lines  here  or better yet, pick up  Mitch All Together  and watch the dvd that comes with it.
I'm sad to read that  Ivan Noble has died .  I've been reading his cancer diary since it started.  Rest easy, Ivan.
It has been named after Sri. Rajiv Gandhi, I don't know what Rajiv Gandhi did for Andhra Pradesh? IMHO, it should be named after Sri. NTR or at-least Sri. P. V. Narasimha Rao.  X-posted in       telugus   .
Wil Wheaton  wrote about his cat Felix today.  This is why I don't have a pet and this is why I don't watch Animal ER on TV.  And I can't stop crying.  RIP, Felix.
Tonight was great.  Sad, but great.  Thank you all.  Thank you Stephanie.  Thank you Jen.  Thank you Kelsey, and Taylor, and all the SDC members who've made the past four years wonderful and worthwhile.  I need Advil for my knees.  They're dead.  *sniffle*  I'll miss you, SDC.
this morning... my mommies told me they weren't coming home because elliot and i are bad. that made me sad.  so i ran away. and i'm camping out in the library as protest.  mommies? - please come get me if you still love me.  it's been 9 hours so far.... and i'm hungry and cold!  Love, Ruby  P.S. - i promise i'll be good.
At a friend's house.    Back here...  Back with the memories.   Back with the pains. Back again and again.  It's like being back in the past. Only, what's gone is gone.   What's gone will never be back again.  How can I live in the present, So weighed down by the past. How can I look at tomorrow,  When all I see is yesterday.  I know, I sound like Roger, from a couple days ago.
You are ALL talking about  Lost  as if we all knew what it is. Rude. Very rude!         gia6seconds   ,       eleniangel   ,       stars91    and       regala_electra   , I got your cards today. YAY!   Got a gigantic headache. Am tired. Hubby will come late; very late. Am alone. :-(
i cant open my site again! damn!   serem masuk ipa, tadi aja, disuruh ngerjain kimia gue ga bisa. sebel. kayanya, gue anak terbego di ipa2 deh
The school issue has been solved for me. The application deadline for the program I was looking at has passed. Joygasm.
YAY!! I'm on Spring Break!!! WAHOO!!  As I've been saying were going down to a cabin in Southern Utah and we leave tomorrow.  I'm hoping there will be a phone down there but right now it seems like there won't be so no phone posts :(  I'm gonna miss you guys a ton.  I'll see you again Saturday.
...and after all of that last night there  still  was no e-mail in my in-box this morning.  Sometimes I feel like when I leave LA I disappear completely...
I wish I didn't have school tomorrow, then I would spend all night writting a part to one of the many novels or short stories, or net show scripts that are flowing around my head.  ah, if only...
once again I catch the final episode of cowboy bebop, and once again I am reduced to a sobbing heap in the episodes final minutes.
I can't think of anything that would fully describe how or why  Andrea Dworkin's death  affects me this much.  It's like I felt stronger just knowing she was out there.  And now my friends - now it's up to us to provide that fierceness, that critical analysis, and that passion - so that the ones behind us will have someone to draw strength from.  That is the best memorial we can give.
MAN I SURE WISH I HAD THE INTERNET AT MY HOUSE RIGHT NOW. TOO BAD NOBODY IS GETTING ON THAT ONE. But I ain't gonna do it since I already have the electricity, gas, water, and garbage bills all in my name. Dang! Internets! Thank god for wireless at school!
Forget human cloning, gay marriage, and all the other top headlines in the news.   Barbie and Ken are splitting up ? Say it isn't so!
I just finished watching the last episode of this season's  West Wing .  I didn't think post-Sorkin  West Wing  could ever be this good but somehow it was.  It was more than amazing.  I love the Alan Alda and Jimmy Smitts characters more than I ever thought I could.  Between this,  Battlestar Galactica , and  Lost , it's been one hell of a good season for drama.
I'm having the worst week, and it mainly has to do with fighting with a particular friend. I hate fighting. I am not a dramatic person, so I usually don't see the point in fighting. Nor do I take myself too seriously to really bother staying upset even if you have pissed me off. Some people just can't live without a little bit of drama.   Fighting takes up too much energy.
listening to eighties music is making me sad . . .  "And We Danced" by The Hooters made me burst out crying . . .  the eighties . . .  a very emotional decade for me and karen . . .  i moved to new haven,connecticut in december 1979 . . .
The death toll is at least  80,000  now.  How do you even conceive of that?  How do you put faces to that many people?  That is a lifetime of faces and names.  I just don't have words.  Also,  Amazon  has a direct donation to the Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund set up.
I was told quite matter-of-factly today that I wouldn't be single for much longer. I'll take that bet.  Finals are over, only one more year to go. Celebration at  Houston's . I can't believe the sheer number of ljer's I've taken there...  P.S.  RIP Tank
In 5th grade, Vanessa was like a sister to me and I still love her today. Five years ago, Bob was Vanessa's first boyfriend and they fell in love. Five weeks ago, Bob began a job that met in the World Trade Center. Five days ago, Vanessa saw a tower collapse from her window. Five hours ago, I learned Bob died there.  I miss you, Bob.
I just submitted an Op-Ed to the Washington Post.  Let's hope that they actually accept it.  It was plenty wordy, but I believe that I stayed within their 600-800 word limit.  If it gets accepted, I shall let everyone know.
Well, the Pope died an hour ago.  It's a sad day, he was a good man.  He didn't do a lot in the Church that I had hope for, but still... he was a good man.
silenceofbeing   , it was great knowing you.  Stay silent.  Who suspended that mofo?  Call the poh-lice.
Saw this post on my friend Deepa's blog, titled  Harsh Reality .  How could anyone do this, and that too with such brutality?
I understand that the TV chief folkees are trying to reverse the obesity trend, particularly in the young. This is good, and I see the reasoning for it and so on.  But really,  some things  must be kept sacred. Seeing him devour an apple while getting bits everywhere just won't be as good.  ...Not that I still watch it, of course, I'm talking nostalgia/cynicism here.
My favorite pornographic web comic, Sexy Losers, has vanished from the Web.  I weep.  Edit: Joy! It's  back!  Sadly, still no new strip, but I understand the artist suffers quite a bit from, I think, tendonitis.
Once you've reached 100 episodes, you can safely go into syndication. And nothing's ever what it was after seven years.  The WB has announced this will be the final season of ANGEL.  The link contains a press release, but no spoiler content.
Mitch Hedberg is almost definitely dead.     He used to come to Sacramento all the time.  I wish I had seen him when I had the chance.  "An escalator can never break: it can only become stairs. You would never see an 'escalator temporarily out of order' sign, just 'escalator temporarily stairs, sorry for the convenience.'"  Drugs are bad, kids.
Howard Stern has reported that comedian Mitch Hedberg has died of a drug overdose.  I haven't been able to find any official confirmation.  Here's hoping that it ain't so!  "Mr. Pibb is a poor imitation of Dr. Pepper. Dude didn't even get his degree."  In other news, Terri Schiavo's body just died.
I hadn't heard that TV legend Paul Henning, who created  The Beverly Hillbillies  and  Petticoat Junction ,  died yesterday at 93 , until I checked out my LJ friends list.  His grandson       mr_fu    has  a very nice tribute  to him. I wish I'd known the man.
For what it's worth friends, John Paul is in my thoughts tonight. I may not be Catholic but that doesn't mean I will not honor the memory of a great man who has done great things in the service of humanity.
Yes, I'm still here.  Just haven't had time to update lately!  I'm staying fairly busy with school & everything.  I've been glued to the TV all day watching the news coverage about the World Trade Center & the Pentagon, etc. I'm not even going to attempt to comment on it - there are no words to describe how horrible it is.  I'll try to post a more "detailed" update ASAP!
It could have done it all day or when ever I went outside... but it waited till I was in my room, right when I sat down, to blow in and kill one of my glasses... ugh. It's my fault. Oh well....
Today my parent&#8217;s bird died.  (it was a Cockatiel)  He was 22 years old.  I don&#8217;t ever remember not having him, being as I was 2 when they got him...  =[
I've always thought of myself as a pretty romantic guy.  Well, apparently I found out I'm not.  So much for that.
Juju'a first cat has passed away. I guess I sort of felt that Kit was going to live on forever, even though I knew it wasn't possible. So thank you Kit Kat for putting up with us with grace and dignity.
When did everyone stop getting online?&nbsp; Just read Kissryn's journal...I miss the fun we used to have.&nbsp; :-(
therealocelot    posted  this  ("Girl Blog from Iraq") today, about  the 13th anniversary of the Amiriyah Shelter massacre, and it just broke my heart.
Will I lose my dignity Will someone care Will I wake tomorrow From this nightmare?     I've had such an awful day. I do not look forward to tomorrow at all. I'm going to go cry myself to sleep now. I love   you   all.
hunter s. thompson is dead.  he killed himself.  holy crap.  i am so not okay with that.  i think i need to go pour out a forty in front of circus-circus.
I went over to my Mom's house for the first time since the funeral.  I can only imagine what Dad feels walking into that silent house.  I couldn't stay much more than 10 minutes before I left quickly.  I don't think I'll be able to go over there alone for some time.
I thought I would be quite indifferent about the death of the Pope since I don't practice Catholicism anymore.&nbsp; Who knew it would make me sad.&nbsp; I guess the church had more impact upon the person I am more than I thought.
You know what's unfair?  Alanis Morissette  will perform live near where I live in a few weeks. Now, that in itself is not unfair, of course, but I don't have the money to buy a ticket (they cost more than 50 EUR, and that's without train travel costs and so on), so... I'll have to miss that. Meh. :(
Eric Buchanan hurt my toe.  And I lost my yellow bookbag.  This has been a sad hour.  On the bright side, I see my mommy tomorrow.
would anyone mind making me a layout? or a pseudo layout with just, like, a header? i dont know wtf im talking about, but i know i want something new and House related. so if anyone is interested, i just need something relatively simple.   please please please?
~tubatrouble~                                                                         LJ  friendsCollage .  	    Brought to you  by       pratibha75    and       teemus   .         Things aren't the way they're supposed to be.
Student's rampage leaves 10 dead.  Subheading: Witness describes gunman grinning, waving.  I don't understand.  I'm sure I never will.  *sigh*
Yeah, I know it is all over the blogoverse.  Deal.  Damn, Mitch.  Damn.  Rest in peace, man.  Find a better place.
Nienna, heal my grief, teach me of endurance so that I may heal others  Yavanna, bring me strength, make me supple so that I may bend without breaking  Varda, cast my soul among your brightest heavens, that I might shine with your light
my life's been so uncertain lately, in the last month or two, and i've fallen back into smoking. i want to quit.  i hate it.  it makes me angry with myself.  well, a lot of things make me angry with myself.  but i want to quit again. starting today.  and i'll probably be defensive and a bit touchy for a while, but please be patient with me.
