I just had a dream about being in a falling airplane. Everyone around me was terrified, clinging to each other, and crying loudly. I just sat there, waited somewhat calmly, and wondered if the impact would hurt.  Damn.
YAY! Finally its the weekend and I have time to get some more work done! As some of you have noticed I am back into the swing with Weebles so here they come!  *dances*  Also!       quasiskunk    Is sending me my first Christmas card EVER! I cant wait! thank you big bro! *tail-snugs*
Well, it would appear that someone knows my password. Whoevery you are, you're surrounded, so give yourself up now or forever live in darkness.
I just got back from my trip like 15 minutes ago and already there is so much fucking bullshit happening around here that I could scream.
*hears that  you   escaped *  *is a bit miffed that he didn't get to do his evil super-villan thing to free you*  *prowls  prettily  evilly through Tirion*
What's behind those eyes? (what type of eye do you have..8 outcomes!)     brought to you by  Quizilla
What the hell?  A went a bit more hardcore  A - 'Rush Song'  UPDATE  Go  here  and it plays like a minute of the song in the background automaticly
I'm watching the Producers now, and Max Bialystock quotes Kafka's  Metamorphosis .. which we JUST finished reading in English class.  *twilight zone*
I don't have any classes tomorrow.  Anyone want to do anything?  I don't want to sit around and do nothing all day tomorrow.
You know that part of the useless epic fight with an ex when they suddenly accept some of the blame and send you a really well-thought-out email that actually doesn't sound like lip service and almost  almost  makes you un-hate them?  YEAH, ME NEITHER, until just now.
well last night i was allowed to open one of my christmas pressie it was from jenny but it was to big and fragile to take home on the bus. she got me a long picture frame with space for four photos but she made a collage of photo in each with different people from the house and all the wee baby's it was was really cool and has to be one of the best presents as i totally wasn't expecting it.
So I'm flipping through the channels because I'm bored and it's 4:30 in the morning, so there's really nothing on. I flip past AMC to see a plane flying and my first thought is, "Heh. Wouldn't it be funny if that was 'This Island Earth'" I flip back and HOLY CRAP IT'S 'THIS ISLAND EARTH'! Totally watching it. I've practically memorized all the MST lines anyway. ^^
WOW its been over a year since I posted in here! I thought I had at  least put in last October I got activated to go to Kosov for an Army rotation. Oh well life goes on I live and am coming home soonish...
... but Carlisle is being washed away!!  Actually rather serious  and amazing that  so far no-one has died .
The Slayer & The Poet won runner up for Best William Fic at the  Love's Last Glimps Awards ! Wow! :)  Lookit' the pretty!
I just discovered today that there is a bolt in one of my tires. No, not attached to the axle. A bolt, embedded right into my tire, slowly but audibly letting the air out.  Guess I'll need a new tire. Damn.
Few new art pieces   At DA, I was surprised someone added "Spooky?" to their favorites. I didn't think I did a good job with it. And someone else added "Rays of the Sun" to their favorites. So I guess I'm doing something right. :)
My journal says I'm 60% masculine.      What does your LJ writing style say about your gender?    Username  Community         LJ Gender Tool  by       hutta         I dunno what the hell this thing is talkin about!  I'm 100% all man here!  *Pounds his chest*
i guess someone heard my prayer for more chris music! lol. i guess the news is on the DL, but chris is either making or has made a video for "who am i"  SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSQQQQQQQQQQQQQQUUUUUUUUUUU UUUUUUUUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!  now i go to bed lol
Ok picture this:   I'm looking at biblical bay names on some website(I got distracted...), humming along to the music I have playing, a fun bit of J-hop, and I see this definition:  Multiplying, sowing sedition, a window, a locust. Non-Gerderized Biblical Name . Sounds interesting so my eyes flick to the left of my screen and I see:  Arab .    -_-'
last night was great, for the first time in awhile i got out my sketch book and acutally drew.......i was a fucking drawing fiend. i filled up about half of it, with really good sketches. it was amazing. perhaps i really am an artist after all.
my ocean boy is better than your ocean boy!  so myeh!  he sends me brownies and ani and other surprises that just happen to arrive on the first day that i come home crampy and bleeding.  see, invisible boyfriends are good for somethings sometimes.
You know, for a 7"x10" painting this sure is taking a long time to finish.  You know what else?  It was in the 40's/50's today outside!  I live in South Florida!  You can't get much more south than that!  But I love the cold, mostly.  I don't mind.  Except when I have to actually be outside.  All right, back to work.  I swear the bigger paintings don't take this long.
Ok so I finally downloa...er..legally obtained some Michael Buble' songs...he sounds like Frank Sinatra and sings a few of his songs...His voice is beautiful. O_O  I love Michael Buble' and his funny name!
I'm currently watching  I Heart Huckabees  right now, and i have to say, one of the best movies i've seen in a long, long time. Pirate it, rent it, whatever, it is un-fucking-believeable.  Hopefully this doesn't hop up the movie too much.
I left my CD player in a lab for an hour, and  NO ONE TOOK IT .  Wow. Just wow. Considering I once lost a Math textbok for turning my back on it for 5 minutes.
http://www.konamistyle.com/product/prod uct_detail.aspx?pfid=VW266-J1   According to CERO (the Japanese age rating system for video games), the PS2 Negima game is rated "18+" O_o  I wonder if the fact that one of Negi's students is a pedophile has anything to do with it.
It is actually possible to elicit a subdued apology from random harrassing blokes if you rant at them for long enough (YMMV; try it at your own risk). Who knew?  Quick question for those who believe a woman should always be flattered by such attention:   Given I'm into S&M, if I offer to beat the shit out of a bloke who doesn't know me from Eve, is he obliged to take it as a compliment?
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOOINGGG!?!!?? GO  HERE &nbsp;    MUSIC VIDEO  IS DONE OMFG GO AND  SEE IT  MY MUSIC VIDEO IS DONE..... holy crap you haven't seen it???!?!111 what are you doing go  see it &nbsp;&nbsp; its right fricking  here &nbsp;ALREADY  SEEN IT ???&nbsp; Go see it again its right  here &nbsp;its that good!!!!
So, a T-Mobile tower, near where my apartment is, is fucked, I can get a signal, but I can't call, txt, or get WAP access.  My Mom's phone (she's visiting this weekend) doesn't have signal.  I'm gonna be leaving here soon and I don't know if I can get signal or not.  But, I'm gonna try.
I guess I was a loner...          You scored as  Loner .        Loner             63%       Drama nerd             44%       Prep/Jock/Cheerleader             31%       Geek             31%       Stoner             25%       Ghetto gangsta             19%       Goth             6%       Punk/Rebel             6%        What's Your High School Stereotype?   created with  QuizFarm.com
http://www.courttv.com/news/2005/0413/c loset_ap.html   He had been there for a month already and was only found out because of his snoring! *shakes head in amazement*
Um, I have nothing to say about this line... but... okay, I got nothing... but I'm sure after listening to it, you'll understand why it's funny.  So,  touch it !
Holy shit.&nbsp; Hillary Clinton is the commencement speaker at this year's graduation.&nbsp; I want to be in the class of '05!
Playstation.com   Katamari Damacy European release summer 2005? @_@ Might just be the push over the edge to make me get a PS2. If it weren't for the fact that my mum and sis are hooked on Singstar and DDR, that might also help.
I log out of WoW and sit down to start working on whatever assignment I have due tommorow for English. I go to the website to see what I had to be working on -and the teacher wont be around tommorow with our assignments pushed back a week!  *Happy cat dance*  No school for cat. Cat will play.
OKay i'm sitting here, just flicked on my iPod, and i come across a song.  I have no idea who the artist is, Never heard this sond before. None of it is familiar.  Has this ever happened to anyone? I don't have THAT much music darn it. Thats just creepy.  Yes the song listed under music is that song.  Anyone heard of this song?
I really don't think I should have gotten *that* high.  I couldn't even name half of the elements!  :P  Yay for something else to study, though.  :}
So, did ya'll know about  this , and if so, how come you didn't let me know?  I'm in Baltimore people, I don't get the SOUTH JERSEY papers!!!
Well you see, there has been a little teeny development in the world. Come to think of it, there is nothing little or teeny about it!  Headline in the TOSdragon press: Woman Fires Out a Macro!  But yeah... regards to the parents of a healthy 16 pound newborn, and maam, enjoy having your body back!
I woke up from an odd dream this evening and was unable to get back to sleep. So doing the usual, hop on AIM, read the news... and yeah  http://www.cnn.com/2004/US/11/21/kenned y.game.reut/index.html  And I thought my dream was strange!
I tell it I like purple, I'm a fall person, and love is unconditional, and it gives me *this*? It either reads minds or talks to Sheryll.  ~A      &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    alan rickman is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
A couple months ago, Celly chewed on the cord of the charger to my Gameboy Advance, so it didn't work anymore...  So Chris suggested that I put electrical tape on it...  So I did.  And, lo and behold, it worked!  It actually worked!  ^_^
Um.  So I'm listening to this hip hop album from Little Brother and...they sampled Stereolab.  Something off Cobra.  Holy Crap!!!  Now I really want to talk to these guys. I tell you, Stereolab has fans everywhere.   Edit:   Ok, another song...now Refractions in the Plastic Pulse from Dots and Loops. Ok, Mr. DJ is a fan of Stereolab, for sure.
I think I saw where       rap541    works today. (Assuming it's the one by the 17 and 101).  No real point to this, just weird.  P.S. I hate driving over to Phoenix.  I'm so used to  my part of town in the East Valley  now that I think of the  Tempe Town Lake  and the  Mill Avenue stuff  by ASU as kind of the far west end of town. :)
Sent some mags to       keiichi_fire    on Friday but baulked at paying the £18 airmail was going to cost me and settled for surface mail instead. Four to six weeks. Oh well.  They turned up this morning.  I have no idea who cocked up and sent them signed-for-express-airmail but thanks!
Imagine my suprise when I arrived back at my flat to find  this  little fellow awaiting my return.  How random!
An anti-Bush livejournal post  prompted the Secret Service to show up  for questioning.   They determined that       anniesj    was not a threat to President Bush's life.  Apparantly another lj user reported the post to the FBI.
It seems some people think i'm going to end up in jail at some point. Well little do you know.  If i was going to be in jail it would have been years ago. When i did things that could put me jail.  so there :p
Mum got in an argument with Pammy this Christmas. It was something awful. The Vicker got his knickers in a bunch and Noodle was constipated.
Apparently, Cassie Steele has way more in common with Manny than I ever knew! Degrassi watchers  read this.
Jut got a flyer and a sample single cd promoting Kelly Osbourne's new cd, even says I can set up an interview!
Snake eats a Kangaroo whole.  Very disturbing.  Here:   http://forums.clubrsx.com/showthread.ph p?t=253769   Snagged from       decemberflower   .  Thank you oh so very much,       decemberflower   .
In honor of       colintj    :          Which Sealab 2021 crew member are you?      Stormy             Click Here to Take This Quiz     Brought to you by   YouThink.com   quizzes and personality tests.
One of my co-workers has the Pizza Hut ring on his telephone!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Does anyone else know the pizza hut ring? Or is my local pizza hut just that odd?    Where's Nicole when I need her??!!??
this bitch ass journal has just been hakkkkked braaaahh  \youll never guess by who! AHAHAHA   edit. steff hacked into my livejournal. and i know its you cuz you say brahhh. sooo HA!
Well, not really, but he and his best friend went out to a tattoo parlor to get identical tattoos.  I swear, that guy is here so often he might as well be my brother, too.  At least Nate has a good friend...
Have been chosen to review a book by Skum (www.dr.dk/skum)! They'll send me the book Backpacker by Thomas Oldrup, I then have to write a review of the book and they'll put it up on the page :D Wooot :D
http://entertainment.msn.com/tv/art icle.aspx?news=184557   Sad to see Mario go, but I'm glad that Nikko will be back.
I found out today that my first time watching TechTV (Zip File, specifically; I didn't catch TSS until after Kate left, I'm pretty sure) was on December 5, 2000.  Earlier than I thought.
Today on my way home from work I met Finki and Max Ferstl. Both of them were extremely surprised to find out that the other knows me :-D  Though I didn't know much to talk with them we said that we'll probably meet up for coffee tomorrow since they have a four day seminar on bacteria fermentation processes at the IAM.
i haven't posted on here in months. seriously months. so here's a quick life dump..........got messed around by another girl, finished uni finally, i start bible college in 2 weeks. thats about it. merry christmas and happy new year to everyone.
I just sent an email to a professor at Emory.  Wow, it's so easy for me to write about women's lit.  So much easier than writing about things I don't know anything about or only think I might be interested in.
Oh my, I just find out my passport is going to be expired in March. I better renew it or how else I plan to go to Europe this summer.
I can't believe this girl is almost TWENTY NINE YEARS OLD!  She's TEN YEARS older than Mean Girls Costar Lindsay Lohan!  Insanity.
Wow, I just won something that I didn’t even know that I was entered to win.  I guess because I bought the dress from davids bridal that I was entered into something from mary kay, a makeover thinge and a $20 gift certificate.
I got some mail from one of the local colleges. Seems they're willing to take me on as a late enrollment. If I get my act together, I could be starting classes there at the end of summer.  Imagine, Mama Allerdyce's no-good boy going to college...  Fuck, I have to pick classes. *wanders off to go through various brochures*
Take the  What Should Your New Year's Resolution Be?  Quiz         this is sooooooooooooooo me.......
Small note: French men shake your hand as they say good morning to you.  This is a little shocking to us fragile Americans, who are used to waving to each other in greeting.
I want more gundam seed. why can't they have it on nightly instead of once a week.  Tonight ep was a surprise.  I can't wait another week to see what happens, ahhhhhhh.
Uh Oh... Guess I'd better stay away from my cauldron then, eh?     U  CAUTION      IN THE INTEREST OF SAFETY IT IS ADVISABLE TO KEEP CAIA SNAPE AWAY FROM FIRE AND FLAMES.     Username:     From  Go-Quiz.com
I caved in to temptation. Who cares about my motivations... It's still a good cause no matter why I'm doing it.  I guess it's a good way to get back into the swing of deadlines and themes and challenges since my PIP contemplations might take awhile.  *shakes head at peer pressure* You'd think I was past it.
OK, I've noticed that when I try to click on the "Update" button, it bounces! When I can finally click on it, it says "Processing Whining." I'm being insulted by a bouncing radio button.
I was personally invited, asked to participate on the first edition of TEMAS, that will be held this March... I'm... honoured! I'm even proud of myself and... definitely speechless! And OF COURSE I said yes! How could I have possibly said no?! I just hope I can live up to their expectations... oh my...
You will be sucked dry by a leech. I'd stay away from swimming holes, and stick to good old cement. Even if it does hurt like hell when your toe scrapes the bottom.      What horrible Edward Gorey Death will you die?     brought to you by  Quizilla    ...give me a river, or an ocean, or damn it, a pool!
La la la... that was fun.   Fastred's cool. :) I felt bad for  Evvy  because -   whoa.   O_O  Um, must go.  Mun is off her rocker again.
Pics for        wicked_innuendo           leafy_girl           riomi                          Hope you guys like it! ^_^
Which of your LJ friends are you bound to sleep with? by Caughtinlies      Username           Age           Favorite Color           Favorite Band           Favorite Music Type           your stereotype           gender           your lover    smoke_a               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
You scored as  Lesbian .        Lesbian             70%       Straight             50%       Bisexual             40%       Gay             15%        Are you Bisexual, Straight, gay/lesbian?   created with  QuizFarm.com
I can't believe this. One of the kisses that Mike gave me last night, BRUISED my lip. I have a purple-ish green-ish bruise thing on my lower lip! AH! It's ugly! i'm surprised it left a mark, good grief.
I got a new Rubella/Mumps/Measles shot yesterday, and it hurt! It hurt a lot! It fealt as if there were two needles and one was filled with fire! When I left the health center, I almost fainted. And I'm going to get sick in about a week from it! Now I know why I hate shots!
I feel so much better after having willow bark tea mixed with karma kava. x.x Thanks, Meander! You totally have to be my shopping person! *Squeak.* Now.. I'm in VP class to waste away. We're discussing different shots when it comes to filming. I must have missed alot. o_o God damn. Blah, this sucks. What's going on with everybody? BLAH.
"8th wonder of the world"     They built a multiple set of islands out of NOTHING into a hotel, and condominium resort. It increased Dubai's shoreline by like 30%  This reminds me of the UAE's Burj al-arab, the only seven-star hotel in the world.    Such opulence I can't even understand it.
http://www.tshirthell.com/store/pro duct.php?productid=469  -- THIS AND THE LEFTOVER CRACK SHIRT SHALL BE MINE SOMEDAY. Perhaps this weekend. ::shrug::
13 Sivan 5764    A new friend helps you break out of an old routine.  lucky numbers 7, 9, 17, 33, 36, 44
Picked up from       fileg          What Legendary Japanese Monster Are You? by   kumauru        User Name           Element      Fire Water Earth Wind Fog Wood Clay Metal Void       Quote           You are...                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !       Woot! Go me!
Just realised I`ve been listening to the same track over and over and over and over and over... without realising it......
like politics? like money? like snooping? know your ZIP code? or anyone's ZIP code?   go here .  you won't be sorry.
jj jackson died of a heart attack.  he was the original MTV VJ.  imagine a 40 year old VJ on MTV today.  i wonder how old kurt loder is . . .
a huge vase with twelve red roses (and one yellow one) left in my room after class  a cool carved wooden box with conversation heartses  the fact that he liked the fish and soundtrack and poems  and dinner at la hacienda for old times' sake  ....  =)
Altar Boyz ... too funny...  http://www.altarboyz.com/listen/ &nbsp;I can't wait for that CD. In stores May 17.
look at this guy he gets beaten up at a pizza place and everyone just stands around...  http://mfile.akamai.com/12938/wmv/vod.i bsys.com/2005/0219/4213611.200k.asx  the guys huge
I have seen some unusual pizzas in my time but the one I had yesterday really topped them all. It was advertised on the menu as 'Vegetarian Pizza - mixed vegetables'  Mixed vegetables it most certain was....peas, cauliflower, carrot. And yes on a pizza!!!  Needless to say it was sent back.
Вот она,  настоящая манекенщица , можно сказать, идеал ее. Это к вопросу о конкурсах красоты, заметки о которых прошли почти независимо друг от друга в последнее время во френдленте :о).
OMG. Dave sent me an early birthday present. Because he wanted me to have it before we moved (though I don't know how he found out about it). Because. Um. It's a phone. A mobile. A Sprint PCS Picture Phone to be more prescise. And I don't pay for one bloody thing. Cause it's on his family plan. Which has ... 2000 or so minutes. And this is ... shock. Happy birthday Draco.
There are in fact three female Smurfs:  Smurfette, Sassette, and Nanny.  And not just one, as commonly thought.
And now for the silly bit of trivia you don't need to nor probably want to know: amazon.com sells vibrators. This amused me to no end. Not only, this, though, but they are also advertised as "As seen on Sex and the City"...  Who knew?
I probably should be updating this thing more often, but since I got that job my free time has seemed to be too precious to spend it writing about what little happens to me. Anyway, I just thought I would pop on to say: yay!  The reason is that I just got back from work where I was told that I would be getting a raise. Still crappy pay but it will get better, I have their word on it. I'm happy.
Well, I had a whole long post about my being surprised that people had read my LJ and wanted me to start psting again and stuff but it seems to have been lost.  Short version: I got a job at Wal-mart. I will post more stuff later, and would also like to talk to people more, if anyone cares to chat about RPGs or Anime that the like please drop a comment.
relax  savor the moment  fight the battle and you might win the war  nothing is guaranteed  the unexplored territory can bring something you need  patience is your slave  if it might be, it might be  if it might be, you need to choose to be there  extend the hand   be the person you are  if you want it  work for it  if you care  and it can't be denied  it will come
Mr. Bulock saw me looking up shows and started telling me about back in the day when he went to shows.. fucking crazy, he saw Moby in the 80's and he use to go to all kinds of random shows, who would have known.  Mr. Bulock is my idol
Wow, I knew my rating would go up a little after winning Philadelphia two weeks ago, but I didn't think it had gone up that much.  Forty-some-odd points is a nice jump.  Go me!
Don't be scared....It is late at night and I sit here with a few very close friends.  I am gonna type a bit of nothing for a bit, just so I can get used to typing for a minute.  I have had a bit of an emotional roller coaster the last month, and I am not ready to touch on any of it.  Man Kat is funny.  What an unusual combonation.  Anyways, this is funny, Kat I mean.   *LOL*
As it turns out, the registration and insurance information in the company truck I was using, was not up to date. So I had to reschedule my driving test. So blah.
Now that's just scary:    You like the sweet, shy type.      What kind of guy are you most attracted to? (CUTE anime pics)     brought to you by  Quizilla
Upright Citizens Brigade is on Comedy Central right now, holy shit!  it's the episode where the Unabomber hangs out with a girl scout!  wow!  go take a flying fuck at a rolling doughnut!  go take a flying fuck at the moon!
I just finished working on my geneology project for school and am trying to get tired enough to go to sleep.  I think I'm about there, but on my way I took a quiz or two and randomly found the Buffy musical on.  I'm not a big Buffy fan, but I  love  the Buffy Musical!  I'm happy : )
Check out my new layout! What a great surprise that was. Thank you so much       ellefraser    . It's so cute. I almost fell of my chair when I looked at it. Hysterical.
Hmmm...this cd is quite surprising. I was expecting the new song versions to be different, but not SO completely different. They sound like totally different songs almost. Only family is the most similar to the original song. Very interesting. The two new songs are great. ^_^
Has anyone thought...Aimee and Emily are extremely good friends and then they both get sick on the same day...how mysterious. I think they're trying to cover up a drug trafficking business.
R.I.P.     Rapper Ol' Dirty Bastard, real name Russell Jones, collapsed and died suddenly in a Manhattan recording studio yesterday (13th November), aged just 35. (Article)     This seems just a little hard to believe. He must be working on an album with Tupac and Kaufman or something.
I discovered today that Appleworks automatically converts Word documents if you download them and open them. I did not know this. Probably because my old laptop didn't have that capability-I never thought to try it on this one. Anyhow, it really blew my mind; like I got  way  too excited about it.   I &lt;3 my Mac.
I'll be in Florida from thursday till the last weekend of break. I hope you all have a wonderful vacation.
Craziness   what do you say to that?  i think thats a little too young but i must admit it looks great on her.  can i adopt her? LOL
Hot damn, that was the most straightforward thing they've done all season. Genius!  And Sawyer even managed to be not snarky for two seconds. *glee*
Mister Baker is here now too?! :o How... delightful. :D;     [ He creeps me out. ;_; I don't like him looking at me like that... but I'll see him even  more  now because he's the math teacher! @_@! ]    *cling*
So. The US was supposed to shoot a missile over our province soon. Click  here  for more details. What the hell, America? What the hell? -.-;; At least it's been delayed for now, but man oh man.   [eta]        lilpumpkinbelly   , I need to talk to youuuuu. About rp stuff!
Congratulations!  You're closest to the touchy-feely chain-smoking lunatic of the Men in White.  He's quiet as a cat when prowling for information, but as obnoxious as possible in a confrontation.  His ex-Interpol P.I. ways are good for getting him into trouble.  Yay for the Double-Barrel Angel!   Test made by  bianca_marou       ... It makes sense in a way.
So I leave Texas tomorrow.  I've enjoyed my stay, but I perfer my house.  The downside to going back is that I must return to work, and school and life.  Will be starting drafting for Rumors soon.  And then Caberet.  And whatever else.
...well, Mother Nature must have a LiveJournal account or likes to read blogs.  What greated me this morning?  30 degrees outside and frost on the window.  YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
With everything I've been through, all the girls I've dated, you'd think I'd know a little something about women, yet they never cease to shock the hell out of me leading me to believe I don't know shit!  Go figure!  Fucking bizarre.
Turns out i get to leave on Thursday after all!   See rotc's not that bad! :)   Now i just wont check any emails till after ive left HAHA     still up for bar trip tonight, prollly round nine ^_^
What a surprise this morning when I check my emails. 2 of my U friends got married last Dec and they're inviting me to their wedding reception in March. Such a great news and they've been together for... 8 years already. So nice to see them finally getting together "officially" and I'm sure it'll be a nice reunion for us CHE group!
01   02      03   04    05   06    07   08    x brushes credited in user info x please comment if you take
My house has been flooded with Moon Cake for the Mid Autumn Festival  a month away . If anyone wants to buy any, give us a shout. I really, really like the durian lotus paste moon cake, but then again I'm totally biased when it comes to durian. XP XP
I just heard what sounded like a pack of rabid hyenas yipping and screeching loudly outside out of nowhere, continued for a little less than a minute, and I ran to get my tape recorder and the second I got it, it stopped. I'm still trying to figure out what the heck it was...
What does your t-shirt say? by   rejektedrockstar        Name           Age           Fav. Color           Gender      Female Male I dunno...       Ta-Da                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !       Ok those of you that know me well know that when I did this quiz thingie this morning it made me blink more than a few times.
The Kingdom of Bhutan. Heard that name before, its actually a country in between India & China. I have never heard of it until one of my colleague went there to do something for our client. Some pictures....      Village shot from hill-top     Thimbu, Bus Station     Hotel my colleague stayed in    http://www.cia.gov/cia/publications/fac tbook/geos/bt.html
You know what I just noticed as I was getting ready? I have really pretty eyes. Why it took me til now to realize this I dunno, b/c people have been telling met hat for 22 years and i didn't realize it until about 10 minutes ago.   That's exciting.  I'm sorry for the vainness of this entry. I'm never like that but i had to share.   Happy Easter! :-P
Gee. Talia's awfully nervous talking about Lyta with Ivanova. Very edgy. Very nervous, almost defensive, as if...  Oh.   ...I want schooldays!Lyta/Talia now.
Wow just found out that naruto has been licensed. go  here  and  here  for more details.  update: guh, its been licensed by a company called shopro, which seems to be merging with viz (who do the manga) in the spring, i just hope they dont mess up the translation too much (like journeyman instead of chuunin, and evil eyes instead of byakugan).
center&gt;   &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    christopher lee is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
Okay, I'm seeing this going around, and apparently I have 3 fans and a few hot Brownie Points.  Thanks to whomever out there sent them... I'm flattered.  But... um.... what is this? LOL
It's snowing here...but the weather reports all say that its not suppose to....what the hell?  I mean, its only a 1/4" of snow, so its no big deal.  I just think its funny, because I wasn't expecting it at all.
i am valedictorian, apparently.  i did not expect that in the least. i still cant really breath from the news.  wow.
i am valedictorian, apparently.  i did not expect that in the least. i still cant really breath from the news.  wow.
You're a Plot writer!      What kind of writer are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla    I am? Really? &gt;_o I don't think there's a category for humour in this quiz anyway. *checks* Nope there isn't! We're under-represented! Where is justice?
So... BOOYA Boston, and the SOX rule!! Thats right bitches, the Boys from the Bay brought it home!!  Im exhausted... weird night. Had a blast though...  Thinking... do old habits really die hard??  Always,  angelO
Thank you to the one who sent me a dagger.  [Private to Narcissa] Mon dieu Cissa! You did not have to send me such a lovely thing...   [Private] Seems like she does care if I'm doing okay. I'm not sure what to make of this. Not at all.  [/private]
so random.... guess who just got a free ticket to green day 5 mins ago!?   and a free ride there, free accommodation and free ride back!? thats right i'm seeing green day tomorrow night! weird........ need to get work off and then i'm set to go.  i feel really weird right now, i'm sick, i'm tired and yeah i'm really weird and paranoid.
Why do semi-good things always happen to me has I am about to leave for school?!?!?!   I know that is vauge, but I will leave it at that....  Kaytie's Advice for the day: When you find someone who makes you smile and feel like you are the only one in the world, don't ever let go of them....
...but who would I be fooling?   My Inner Hero - Paladin!          I strive to help others, and to bring truth and harmony to the world however I can.  Whether times are good or bad, you can always count on me.  I'm a shoulder to cry on, a champion for the helpless, and an all around nice person.    How about you?   Click here to find your own inner hero .  Fuzzy
My apartment smells like "lemon" again... *sprays "juniper breeze" smelly stuff around and makes the horrible smell worse*  My floors are shiny though!
this was a totally crazy week- and i thought it was gonna be pretty boring since i had four days off from work.   i am always wrong....  but i visited people and got back in the college spirit, so to speak ;)   11 days
My coworker's friend blew their brains out, and they have to go to Illinois for the funeral. So I'm needed at work.  Yay! Hours!
http://www.somethingpositive.net/sp0224 2005.shtml   Well, uh...so much for Kestrel being a regular on SP.  &gt;_&lt;
Disorder      Rating        Paranoid :    Low       Schizoid :    Low       Schizotypal :    Moderate       Antisocial :    Low       Borderline :    Low       Histrionic :    Low       Narcissistic :    Moderate       Avoidant :    Low       Dependent :    Low       Obsessive-Compulsive :    Low       --  Personality Disorder Test - Take It!  --
Terry is the #57 most common male name. 0.311% of men in the US are named Terry. Around 380975 US men are named Terry! source  namestatistics.com
Why did no one think to tell me my parents were going to be coming to town?     I so need to clean this place up and hell when was the last time I did laundry. Mum is so going to flip!  Beli, help?
Wow, strange things have been happening.  So far I've counted me, Jeff (kinda, but not really), Anna, Noelle, Rich, and my brother.  Do I even know anybody else?  Some are more significant than others, but this is straight up craziness.  Anyway, tommorow is Taking Back Sunday and that is an awesome awesome thing.
crap! I´m broke and there is 17 days left until payday...... this aint good i realy have to be more careful spending my sorry excuse for a student loan. but hey my parents will se alot more of their son the next few weeks....
It seems my lovely wife has gone and created a  whole new set of Livejournal icons  for me. Completely custom hand-drawn, CG-colored artwork based on my  avatar on Gaia . Very nice, I must say.  I'm really very pleased with them.
Whoa, I just got a letter from the Canadian Millennium Scholarship Foundation.  They said that in April they are going to award me a bursary of $2,500.  It's pretty sweet news seeing as how I didn't apply for it (everyone on student loans is automatically considered).  It'll definitely help out!
WTF, they're scrapping our five cent piece.  That's fucked up.  Oh, and they're halving the weight of the ten, twenty and fifty - vending machines are going to be fun for a while there.  Come on, I live on five cent coins.  I've always got at least two.  I guess I'll be sticking that with the paper $10 and the millenium edition $10.  Time to empty the coin jar and change all the fives to tens?
So that could have been my uncle today..He could have been one of the 24 who died today..It makes me think a lot.. :( RIP all who passed today from the 133rd in iraq
I've just been to an interesting City pub, with very reasonably priced drinks, and good value food (including fishfinger sandwiches, yay!). There were nice people to talk to, a huge fireplace to sit in, and it's only a short walk from my office.   This is not what I expect from a First Thursday science fiction fans pub meet. If it continues to be held there, I'll be back.
Are you hott? by evildj23      First Name           Age           Guy or Gal           Your hottness is    10...WOW! ARE U SINGLE?!?!               Quiz created with MemeGen  !        i didnt expect that!and yes im single!
I just drove to Tonasket and back.  Wow.  Props for me because I hate driving....especially at night...so many curves at such high speeds...I'm suprised I made it back in one peace.  Not to mention I was all by my lonesome on the way back. Wow.
Hello darlings! It's a beautiful day, I rocked my first skirt of the season with the low-top birthday Chucks.&nbsp;
Anberlin plays at the Norva on May 2nd *shocked face*  Deja vu or something... :-/  I feel like I'm back at the beginning of everything, maybe this is some kind of do-over. I bought a ticket, even if I have to go by myself I will gladly do it.
Wow...this is so odd...because it is pretty close to how I am...crazy pocky eaters looking into my mind...&gt;_&gt;
I've just realized that the woman who does the voiceovers for the Gevalia coffee commericals did the voiceover for a new commercial for KY warming jelly.  Now everytime I hear her purr about the smooth complexities of a tv bought coffee, I'll think about personal lubricant.  Yum.
ya well i am a really happy kid cause i get to drive to casper then i get to drive to rawlins and every where in between so it will be fun i just hope i dont crash oh well if i do i dont think i would really care niether would many people. but im still happy.
So... apparantly I have a great ass and "ridiculously killer legs."  Thanks Terri and thanks Shad!  That, in some weird shallow narcisstic way, TOTALLY made my day. Hell, my WEEK!  I don't get it, but thanks!!!  :) :) :) :) :)
mitch hedberg is dead!!! nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooo!!!  i would like to see a forklift lift a bunch of forks, because it would be so damn literal.
Merry Christmas Everyone!  "I feel it in my fingers. I feel it in my toes. Christmas is all around me and so the feeling grows.It's written in the wind. It's everywhere I go.So if you really love Christmas come on and let it snow."
I don't know what to do with all these....roses...   It seems like such a waste...   Uncle Scar had trouble getting to the car this morning...    ...Kain never did anything like this...        ... How did he find out where I live?!?!
I'm...not a chicken anymore.  When I got back, I was lying in an alleyway and homeless people were feeding me and calling me "Great Master".....    Is this my punishment from God?  o.o;    It was nice, though...for a whole day, no worries but to keep my nest clean...
went to work. not surprised. wrote paper. not surprised. talked to gale. surprised. talked to others. not surprised. wanting to believe in love again. surprised. excited for school. surprised. not excited for dance class. not surprised.  good night.
I just saw a "Behind the Actor's Studio" with Johnny Depp with my dad.  ...wow, I never knew the guy was so modest. If he made a joke, he would smile shily while people were cracking up. He's pretty cool.
Within 5 minutes, Notre Dame fired their football coach and Tom Ridge resigned from Homeland Security.  The surprise isn't that ND fired Willingham, btw. It's that they did so before the bowl game that they decided on Sunday to participate in. Huh.  I'd like to send Tom Ridge a roll of duct tape as a parting gift. Thanks for playing.
Got this quiz from Smurf's LJ was quite supprised when I saw her results. And was quite supprised when I saw mine, I sooooooooo hope it comes true. :)
Turns out it pays to clean your room and go through your shit every once and a while.. I mean it actually pays.  $200 bucks yo!  yeehaw!! (how exactly does one spell that anyway, cause yeehaw seems a little funny...)  so I'm suddently so filthy rich I don't even know what to do with myself.  I mean, oh goodness, so many ways to spend this new found money.  WHAT AM I GONNA DO???  hehe.
-_- There not coming....to save this one....This one is lonely....  0_0 Huh...  ^_^ Yay! this one sences them!  *Humming a happy tune*  They're finely coming! This one is happy again ^_^ .
I really wasn't expecting THIS result...While I do enjoy a drink every now and then (especially if I'm flying first class, where it's free), I'm hardly a serious drinker.
so i was opening my mail this morning at work and was shocked and pleased to learn that the black coalition on aids is considering me for an open seat that they have on their board of directors. wow. i am so honored i don't even know where to begin.
i was looking through steve depolo's morningstar pictures and found one of  cecil .   weird, huh?  there's one of  erica , too.  my goal is to see if he took one of my second performance there or wobbly wombat's first..
Strange mood I was in earlyer. It wasnt a particuler emotion it was like the energy that you make emotion out of. Not happiness, not sadness, not excitment, not fear. It just was. I wanted to vent it somehow or I thought I would expload. I didnt know wether to laugh or cry.  Tom
Okay, so the " Bush bulge " is old news, but I'm  still  sorry that I didn't think of this:    (Courtesy of  Happy Go Larry .)
Weather.com reported a high of 86 degrees in Ithaca NY on Tuesday. Did it REALLY get that hot? Or was it a glitch by Weather.com? That's hard to believe!
I did a favor for someone at work and she presented me today with a gift of Absolut Raspberry vodka.  One of the giant jugs, too!  That is a damn sexy way to say thank you.
oh man. Well you know how on Elf "Buddy" drinks that whole fucking coke bottle? Well I just fucking did that dude! I swear to you! you can ask my fucking mom and brothers and even my bitch ass dog! I did it. I feel all bloated and sick now. *pukes* And I'm burping a lot which is gross. I wish I would've had a video camera. It was fucking awesome.
I saw a girl at the library today who had to be, at the most, 11, wearing a short skirt with fishnet stockings and fuck-me boots.  I'm certainly not going to say that she shouldn't dress like that; I'm just amazed she has parents who let her.
I've got some tickets for the Drafthouse on South Lamar. For that one show with the lightsabers and whatnot. I didn't expect to have them, and yet, here they are. Well. Cool.
What lovely news to wake up to!  I'm half sarcsatic here =p  But it's about time actually; not that I totally agree, but still...   Royal wedding
i haven't written one of these in a long time. i've been pretty busy, but i could be doing more things. i applied for a job at tims rivershore two again,i'm sure they will hire me. (kate, you should apply again, too.) tonight is the darkest hour show, i've been trying to get hold of kate all week to see if she wanted to go, are you?  anyways, california is looking pretty sweet right now.
Remember how I was talking about this club, and our sections...my section leader has disappeared.  And they've seen it fit to place me in the spot.  I'm proud, but a little worried...this is a time of slight crisis, and I don't know if I'm the one to put things straight.  Regardless, I must keep my head high and proud, and say to the world 'I will lead you.'
oOo shit jOsh just tOld me that there was saturday schOol!!!! nOoOo! imma get suspended!!!!!! nOoOoOo! fuck
Not all Wal-Marts are 24 hours.  Bridgett and I were at one in Tucker this evening, when we were amazed to hear an announcement over the intercom that they were closing.  Guess it's just something I take for granted, a 24 hour store to compliment a 24 hour lifestyle.  So we just went on to the next one...  Conveniently enough, they spread like a plague across the landscape.
Last night Josh, Tara and I wound up at Jonathan's bouncing on the trampoline, eating pizza and watching  Family Guy .  Today I went to the mall, watched a movie and hung out with Tara.  Green Day was on SNL.  Woot.   This is a quality blog.
I think I am not going to sleep tonight. I still have a 7 page paper to finish... but at this point, it really doesn't matter anymore.
Woah, I swear I got these results the first time I took the quiz...whatever its supposed to mean....      &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    harry potter is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
i had an odd incounter today. while i was watering the surgury a little butterfly came and sat on my leg. it was one of those orange four winged ones. tiny and wicked fast, it just happily sat there for at least half an hour while i watered. it was soo cute.
So I was all upset that I thought he wasn't going to do anything for my b-day- which was a month ago. Today he tells me to go find a serger and that's my b-day present. I feel low for getting upset now. He didn't drop any sort of hint at all... go figure...   So- Anybody got any recomendations for good sergers? Not super high end, but resonable priced and not junk... Anybody?
http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=s tory&cid=529&ncid=529&e=2&u=/ap/20050314/ap_en_tv/tv_american_idol
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    berimbau is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator         Awesome... (berimabau is the main instrument we play in capoeira)
this weekend was boring... i have to go to my grandmas today but hopefully she will give me money muahahahaha.  Im trying not to go to my dads this weekend because i want to hang out with a new friend... and chill with katlynn and go see unearth and gramercy riff and jerrys but i dunno he is a poo head.  well yeah i better go get ready to go to my grandmas so i love you all and have a nice day
Last night I looked at my OMP portfolio and I got PROPS through an acknowledgement from Timothy Dolph!  Anyone who has ever seen a Skin Two or Rubber Ball flyer, or pretty much any type of popular fetish photo in Atlanta knows this guy. His work is amazing.   http://www.photosbydolph.com/
* * * There's Bring a Friend Day at Hwang's TKD this weekend. Who wants to be my friend? * * *  [EDIT] I can bring  more than one person. In fact, the more people I bring, the better.
Wow, I did better than I thought.  Not nearly as well as       wildrider   , though, who probably didn't have to guess at some answers like I did.
I can't believe it. Hooch gave me the job! I'm now assistant Quidditch witch! I didn't know I was that good. Maybe I'll be the  real   instructor when Hooch retires. Whoa, wait 'till my folks hear. Dad'll be proud, following in a Quidditch career like him. He teaches Quidditch to little children.   I GOT THE JOB!   ~Katie
mari_wyverie's LJ stalker is _ingrid_!      _ingrid_ is stalking you because you made a nasty comment on their LJ. They are also leaving anonymous abuse on your journal!       LiveJournal Username:       LJ Stalker Finder  From  Go-Quiz.com   I...have an LJ stalker?  And who the bloody hell is       _ingrid_   ?
Wow i just got a phone call from my mom and im moving!! I guess i never thought it would happen this soon. Well anyway im moving into Abacoa in these cute little town houses its called Somerset.Im really excited =) We really wanted this. I guess everything happens for a reason.
you all remember my friday night with kirk. ya well to make a long story short...i found out she has a FIANCE and is getting MARRIED and is 5 weeks PREGNANT! i feel dirty...yet, so cool at the same time. but i guess thats all done. i can be her friend still no prob...but daaammmmmnnnnn.   ah GOD shes getting MARRIED! its so...adult.
wow i have had the most interesting and a good day today.    shopping is fun :)!!!  i just wish i had money to buy things ;).  that is why i am working for the rest of the week with my mom...get me some money to buy christmas presents :-D.  i'm just on this complete high right now and i want to live it up so i am going to get off this thing :-D.
Does anyone else remember  Noelle  from High School?&nbsp; She moved down to reno, so she didn't graduate from IHS...
INTERESTING:  The Cooper Temple Clause: Dec 2nd Leeds Met Uni Support from Chikinki  I THINK I'LL BE THERE!
I'm impressed: I've just collected my email for the first time since about 1700 on Saturday and there were only 3 pieces of spam to delete.  Now, I admit that a lot is taken out by the ISP, but I'd have expected 30....
Which Guilty Gear X character are  you ?      oh god..  I'd hate to get muscles like this guy.I'd rather be quick and lithe rather than huge and strong.
ANDY'S ENGAGED!!! For anyone who doesn't know me very well... that's my 23 year old brother! He got engaged! Oh my goodness! I can't honestly see him as an adult so this is all very weird for me!
http://www.sub-culturemusic.co.uk/    Eddie wanted for N London based electro punk band. Influences include Joy Division, New Order, Bowie, Smiths, Kraftwerk, Bauhaus, Manics. Tel Ross, Mace or Matt: 07766 341688 or 07866 395830.  Also a bassist.  If you have one.  Which you probably don't.  Coz if you do where the #~€%* have you been, eh?  That is all.
Mlin, folks, vi ne predstavliaete kakoi eto kaif viiti rannim solnechnim utrom i pochuvstvovat kak pod nogami poskripivaet sneg v takt vashim shagam. Nastoiashi!!! Sneg!!!!!!  A v Israel, ia slishal,+30.. Vot bardak:)
soo it just occured to me that i haven't seen the Rocky Horror Picture Show in a very, very long time. this sucks!
i don't think i could possibly be any happier than right now.  holy shit.  tonight was so random.   *giant smile*
The friends list for my LJ is ever growing, it seems that I've been tracked down by another 2 people I know.  Lets see, the 2 to welcome to my LJ are:        neophyte_13    &       sik_and_twisted     I wonder how long this trend of people adding me to their friends list will continue?  We'll just have to wait and see won't we?
Which 1980's Cartoon did you Hoplessly Watch? by   cerulean_dreams        User_Name           Sex           Do you still like cartoons?           You hopelessly were addicted to           How many times you've seen it    837,099        Likeliness it will be aired again: 86%                                                                                               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
Holy tutu wearing ninja monkeys!!! There's a girl wearing an Incredibles shirt like the guy at Pixar wore in the behind the scenes schtuff!!! I heart you random Pixar girl!!
My kids sent me Christmas cards from Japan! =DDDDDD  How happy am I?!  I'll have to send them something back, definately.  ^-^
What do people really think about you?  by Raven319      Name           Age           favorite song           Parents think    You're too sensitive      Strangers think    You're hot      Friends think    You're a slut               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
This morning Glenda gives us a big big surprise. Out of the blue, she says "I want to Da Bian!" For that few second, I am blank! Then finally realise what she wants, I quickly grab the potty and within seconds she "BOMB!"&nbsp; I am so impressed!
For those of you who remember Global Guts on Nikelodian(God damn i cant spell) i found out an interesting fact. Mike O'Malley, the host of Global Guts is also the star of "Yes Dear"... this fact surprised the hell out of me. i had no idea they were they same person... he looks really different.
I just got the first C in my life. A C+ in Physics Lab. Yeah.... I suck. Oh well, it's a one credit lab. I'll live.
Yes yes, the election is over, and everyone's miserable. I just happened to find this, and i'm surprised it was put out by such a large group as Yahoo!.   Declare Yourself   Watch the videos on the right hand side. Insane.  And am i the last person to know about these?
I'll be staying at Mike's for a week to ten days starting Sunday. He's heading for the Parliment House in Orlando. Then he'll go and see his Mom and do some shopping. I'll be away from a computer again until I come by the house and try to play catch up.
Yes, I'm pregnant.   No, it was not planned.  It's a boy.   James, we are not calling him Monty!  Emma, you haven't lost a friend.    Remus, Sirius, and Peter, of course you can be uncles.  And James, we are NOT calling him Monty!
wow, thanx kel, my luvly bro! i didnt expect a pressie mailed all the way to northern hemis here in beijing at my office from ur side. this is like the earliest pressie i received for my 23rd.  ahem... yes 23 soon la!!!! u've definitely pinched a smile on my face today bro!  thanx for the clover necklace, luv it.
It's not even December yet, but they're already flogging      in the shops!?  (KitKat is a chocolate-covered biscuity waffery thing for anyone who doesn't know...)
"The answer may come as a surprise. Depending on one's definition, estimates range from at least 4,000 languages to 6,000."   http://home.bluemarble.net/~langmin/min iatures/langs.htm
Sometimes it seems like there's more than one Ethan running around the house.  Well, I set up a secret camera today and captured the proof!     See, I knew it!  There are actually ten of him!  Dodecuplets.  Who'd have thunk it.
It's really odd that here we are, in our mid 20's still discovering who our true friends are.  I just don't understand the actions of others sometimes.  Lance may have had his problems in the past, but he was doing really good this time.  I was proud of him, and now this has happened, the one time he in no way deserved it....  well, what else can I say on here.
I might be going to San Francisco, well Oakland but close enough, in a couple of weeks.  Any suggestions?   Nota Bene: please assume that all ribald remarks have already been done to death by the author himself, being a shameless, tasteless, and uncultured philistine.
A job in Dunedin actually arrived in my inbox!  That never, ever, happens.  Maybe Dunedin employers are getting a clue and advertising outside the ODT.  OK, OK, I know about WorkOtagoNZ but even know about it’s hard to find and nobody but Otago obsessives like me go to the bother.  Everyone else in the world signs on to the dedicated and generalised job sites.
just got home from tmol with ivan.. so sleepy.. just had a talk with ivan while eating then we played at egg..  almost a week na.. even more! d k tlga lm kung fit b or ndi! i gues not?   i think love works because of trust.. sying i love you to someone u dont trust s lying!  Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation..
Last night, I ran into Roque again, discovering that she’s apparently switched her blindness for the loss of her legs. It was... comforting to see her again, espcially after the events of that first encounter. One of those things that she had to say, though, deeply shocked me.
I just got the new The Killers CD...It's great.  I was at Sharons all weekend, it was cool. haha the scariest keep e-mailing me from hot-or-not.com some look like ax muderers. But its funny. I shouldn't let friends pick the people who get to talk to me lol.
this summer cant really get any better. gotz a car to cruise in, parties to hang out at and i got a gf. nothin can top this summer exept for school startin up soon. but i heard its gonna be delayed so theirs always hope.
Wow.  2nd place.  That's freakin' nuts.  Thanks to everyone that came out and supported us.  BoB 2005 was possibly the best night of my life.
I've just been handed a Bronze Award from Schlumberger!?!?!  Apartently a job I was involved in in 2002 was awarded a Performed by Schlumberger Bronze Award.  Funny thing is I actually can't remember what the job was or who the client was that I did the work for.  But hey, I won an award!
ICS 163:  B  ICS 168:  A  Math 173B:  A-  I already had wanted to go talk to the TA for 163 about my final (the score is low) and was planning on doing that for 168, but since I got an A, I don't really care.
Comment Here if u agree sterling is turning more into boot camp with all these dam new rules...Whatever we do were like suspended now.. F in School!!
last night i had a dream about jamming with jonny winter.  pretty wierd how that happened after i got his greatest hits cd.  best dream in a while.
Today sucked with a capitol "S".  The root of my problems lately: lack of sleep!  I've decided to be a good girl and get to bed before 10:00pm.    Also, my boyfriend is the sweetest guy in the world.  He came home with beer and pink tulips!  What a perfect combo.
Well, so much for boycotting the prom.   Matt asked me out.  o_O  I'm still a little suprised, but I'm  sort of   happy he did.   Mimi will want to know about this. I'll talk to her tomorrow.   **yawns** My eyes hurt. I should get some rest.
This is perfect for me!      &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    sims are love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
there are some verrrry shady people in the world, which is nothing new.&nbsp; its just surprising sometimes to find out who those shady people are.&nbsp; and it sucks most of the time.&nbsp;
Um....I just saw a weird commercial. It was for Aspercreme, a cream you spread over sore muscles. It asked, "Is there anything that can help with my sore back muscles?" And the people sang back, "You bet your sweet ASpercreme," accentuating the "AS-" part. Wasn't expecting that! 8O
Director for  Gundam Wing  confirms that Quatre/Trowa is canon   Janet Barch: "It's going to be a good day!"
"Lost" has a very bad habit of introducing two or three new questions for every one that it answers.  But killing off a main character... gutsy.
i just found a secret pocket in my trunks and i have had them for like 6 months! i thought they didn't have any pockets at all.
OK..........   I'm gonna try this agian........   So the inspiration these day to right is because of friendship.....  To everyone out there  "A friendship can weather most things and thrive in thin soil; but dont take a bottle of total vegitation killer and dump in on it... then its fucked"  To everyone for the most part...... I had a great weekend and met some cool new people...
What the hell....?  These books I got Edea.... Knights and sorceresses are really different in her home than in the fairy tales back on the Planet, or on any other world in fact.  Either that or the fact that I haven't slept in over twenty four hours, or smoked a cig or had a drink in twice that, is starting to get to me and I'm reading things that aren't there.
the best moment of the night being when fans came up and read their favourite poems of mine,   if I said I read poetry to billy corgan, (and his audience) would you believe me?  yeah I didn't think so.   he made my week. now to decipher what book he wrote down for me to read....some self-help thingie? it's cool when you can tell billy corgan your problems  I &lt;3 billy.
What Makes You Sexy?  by   eva71        Name/NickName           Gender           Sexy Body Part Is    Your Lips      Special Talents Are    Showing off               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
hahaha! okay toh ah,, sana nga ganun lng kadali un,, hehe..   What Guys Think of Your Long Straight Hair...  Sexy, desirable, and hard to please.   A girl who's so stunning that you've got them lined up around the block!       What Do Guys Think of Your Hair? Take This Quiz :-)        Find the Love of Your Life  (and More Love Quizzes) at Your New Romance.
I've created a small  firestorm  over in HDs. I used "thin" as a descriptor and some people jumped on it.  Oi.
I can't believe how many people agree with me that my break sucked.  Kerensa said I need a vacation :-D Of course I do, that's why I go to school!!! :)
Woopsiedaisee I've been lazy with this. Update. I have been working. Timo is still in the army. I still love candy. I still have Marilyn. I still love Shakira. I still enjoy tv. I am still lazy.  I have two teeth less than before.  Also I was wrong, Timo will be back home in April. Germany was awesome. That is all.
I just attacked my hair with a razorblade and everyone keeps asking me if  I've dyed it .   Roger what you said, Aggie! *Wipes memory* The sad truth is that I've forgotten what he looks like. Such is life...
yesterday was going so good. We had a half o. the sun was shining. but them some guy with a gun ruined it all. Fortunatley i wasnt there, cause the motherfucker probably would have taken my watch, but my friends were and they lost like 150$ and that half o i was talking about. I gotta find a way to put some pictures or something up in this mother fucker.
its official. i am moving to canada with pleeva and getting away from what i can only see as one crazy and scary mess that will be happening the next four years.
Johnnie Cochran's dead at 67.  Apparently of a Brain Tumor.  Now, everyone knows him for the line "...if it doesn't fit, you must acquit!"  But I remember him best for this line.  "I'm Johnnie Cochran.  Let me put on this Knit Cap...who am I?  I'm Johnnie Cochran in a Knit Cap!"  That just floored me.  During the trial.  During the recap in '99.  And tonight.  Where's my knit cap?
So I felt my first earthquake.  It was a little scary since it woke me up at 5am.  We don't have them often in Georgia.    http://pasadena.wr.usgs.gov/shake/cus/S TORE/Xteak/ciim_display.html
I sat today, first time in long time. Easier than expected. No intent of sitting today because of wanting to sit every day. Just sitting. After maybe half hour I kept sitting but for the purpose of not wanting to stop. So I got up instead of giving into purpose for sitting. Not a success, but not a failure.
so yesterday I was riding in melanies car and put my cell phone on the dashboard and we made a turn well all of a sudden i see my phone just fly out the window into a busy intersection, I was going crazy I thought for sure it would be run ofver so I got out and ran out in the middle of the intersection my phone was ok and missed being smashed into 1000000 pieces by 2 inches!!!
today i played catch in cadman plaza park with the two most significant male figures in my life.  i think i really underestimate my father.  not even once did he appear to be trying to maim t.sam with the ball.  m*e*b
I SOOOOOOOO CAN NOT BELIEVE I TOLD JEFF THAT!  HAHAHAHAHA! OMG!  I didn't know who I was talking to...  OH GOD!
I have been awake for about 2 hours and watching TV for about an hour and so far I have seen nothing but outkast videos. I'm convinced they will run out of them soon but they havent yet. Its been cool to say the least.  &lt;3 Bo
Oh my!!!  I just read that Martha Stewart will have her own "Apprentice" program.   Is this a good thing?
During Hannah's Birthday Party, I was sitting on the side using a magna doodle. I think I may have started to draw something that may become my first tattoo.  I'm not sure what it is yet. Lots of black outlines, shadows of flames, wings? More later...
Apparently, Wes and I are the same.  Though I don't know why Dawn's in the picture for mine.  What does she have to do with Connor?  She's never even met him!
So LiveJournal's giving it away for free now? What's next, will Gaia give me donation letters for free? Will the NHK stop asking me for money? Unlikely... but hey, one can only hope...
WTF ???  Dude, that's  weird .  Oh, congrats Amerks on clinching a playoff spot with your 45-11-4-6 record.
OMG! It's so weird. I am drinking soup!!!!!! It's not half bad, actually, but maybe I should make it warmer.....  Best Wishes, Beth
i'm waiting very impatiently, even though I know I should just go to bed. Old habits die hard I guess. We shall see. Ok that didn't make any sense, then again when do I?
~Clio~ Your muse is Clio, the Proclaimer, the muse of History.  Her symbol is the scroll.  You're very interested in history; have you considered archaeology for a taste of something new?      Which of the Nine Muses is your muse?     brought to you by  Quizilla    Not Archaelogy, but Ancient Runes- what an accurate quiz! o.O
"you look exactly like denise richards  That's all I had to say, have a nice day!"  hmmm - I don't see it - I really don't see it - but that's at least 3 people in 2/3 weeks that's odd huh?
Today's creative writing class was so boring,&nbsp; so&nbsp;I was watching students in the same calss during the lecture.&nbsp; And I noticed one thing!&nbsp; Americans tend to suck their fingers, pens, or glasses.&nbsp; There are about 20 people in my class, and half of them were doing so!!&nbsp; I was surprised.&nbsp; I need to continue this reserch while I'm in U.S.&nbsp;
k so I haven't done this in a while but here it goes.  most of the slanty eyed folk leave in 2 weeks. yay.  well I will miss some of them but most I wont care about and some I will be happy to see gone.  any way I want to kill some one. someone like god. fath +1.  ya I'll update again when I have my thoughts in better order.
I got sent this ridiculous goth test earlier. Apparently, I'm in the closet. So what else is new...?   http://quizilla.com/users/bloodandl ace/quizzes/What%20kind%20of%20goth%20ar e%20you%3F%20(with%20pics)/
H     Helpful       E     Exquisite       I     Inspirational       D     Dignified       I     Ideal       Name / Username:       Name Acronym Generator  From  Go-Quiz.com
Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    Latin               Quiz created with MemeGen  !       Wow! That's just...wierd. Isn't it crazy how some things are so coincedental? Long red hair and a skirt! Heh. ^_^
I am suprised, my sex factor has jumped back above 7 to hit 7.32 after 34 votes!  OH MY!  LOL - obviously the new pic makes people wonder who the fresh meat is ;)
The twist being, find Alpaca and myself in   This Page... .  Too hard?   Then try this link...    Sakura Matsuri 2005  (A.K.A. Cherry Blossom Festival 2005), Sat. Apr. 9th.. Who wants to go with me?
I had Chinese for lunch today, and the fortune I got in my cookie was  "This is a great day to handle those real estate matters!"   I don't remember these cookies being so . . . topical.   To make things even weirder, the cookie wasn't lieing, today  has  been a good day to handle my real estate matters!
http://www.farmerandrancher.com/Bacon%2 0For%20Life.htm   Dang y'all, that's a big'un! I even check with snoops and it's real!
http://www.msnbc.com/news/885348.asp?0c v=CB10  Heres an article I found interesting from a Penn study I guess I know what I’ve been doing wrong on all my dates so far I guess sister Mary Catherine was right all along.
THANKS SO MUCH GUYS TO EVERYONE WHO HELPED OUT OR CAME TO MY BDAY i had so much fun!! you guys are the best! I LOOOOVE all my presents and im gonna get sooo fat eating all the cookies i will now always b terrified of mels basement... i think i was like hyperventilating for like 30 mins... n e ways i need sleep 4 my big day of visiting family tomorrow ugh!  LOVE U ALL!   U LOOOVE ME :D:D:D
my brother called me tonight. he was drunk but i was touched that he thought of me. he introduced me to&nbsp;his girlfriend, kaylan, with whom i had a few moments of awkward&nbsp;conversation. it went a little something like this:
I had some friends over and watched some scary movies and had some sword fights.  I also tried some maple and brown suger wheaties and they were so much better than I thought they were going to be.
My Cat Siren(She Purrs wierd)  http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 653/Sunderland321/Cat.jpg  chrisbynum cat midnight  http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 653/Sunderland321/Midnight.bmp  and mylife__mystory cat  http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 653/Sunderland321/gwen.jpg   I found two other people that have my same cat, it's crazy!
I HEART YOU BARAH!!!!     There is no better feeling in the world then coming home from a rocktastic weekend and getting a tiara in the mail the next day.                     &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Oh. My. God. This one really surprised me. Oo; Yet, I love it! xDDDDD   http://www.kpopmusic.co.uk/postxf51 91-0-0.html   For the video,  http://s4.yousendit.com/d.aspx?id=3UVFI OF9HR64L19T2H1E5QS2BS   heh....get it while it lasts!!! xDDD
O_o; Damn! I saw this at the Asian community and it seems that most Asian people at New York are having problems with this radio 'cause of prejudice. Wow, good thing I'm not in New York. ^^;    http://www.livejournal.com/community/a_ z_n/475788.html
lol i looked at the papers the doc gave me and it turns out i broke my collarbone...not fractured...lol....anyway the worst is over so...ill c u guys in school tomorrow...which includes jess, heather, tyler and anyone they wanna bring....and if u guys dont come...ill hold my breath until u guys show up.
http://www.yahoo.com/_ylh=X3oDMTB2MXQ5M TU3BF9TAzI3MTYxNDkEdGVzdAMwBHRtcGwDaW5kZ XgtaWU-/s/230960  :-O
Can't wait fof the day to go by. I will enjoy the longest vaction I have had in about 6 years. Will probably do ALOT of drinking. OOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEA H! So cuban rum and cuban cigars will do the trick! MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL! HAPPY NEW YEAR. HOPE IT WILL BE BETTER THAN THE PAST YEAR!
I went snowboarding down the street, another girl was skiing, I saw two atv's and a dirtbike.  Californians are frigging crazy.
I made it on prom court!!!  They will announce my name at the dance and we're voting tomorrow in advisement.  Vote for me! :)
yeah today i was landing my heel flips on my board and i was showing my dad and i was just gonna do a heel flip and i kicked it hard and i landed a double heel flip it was so awsome it loooked so cool well yeah i  havent updated for a while cause i was grounded but its cool now well i g2g go buh bye
I haven't smoked for 1 month, 2 weeks and 6 days, saving 960.00 cigarettes and £240.00 .  Whoah.  (Of course the figures are approximate as (a) I smoked rollups and (b) I've fallen off the wagon a time or two, but even so...whoah.)
homienomie's LJ stalker is sandalittlem!      sandalittlem is stalking you because they saw your picture and fell in love.. They are also getting jiggy with your best friend!       LiveJournal Username:       LJ Stalker Finder  From  Go-Quiz.com    so which friend of mine are you "getting jiggy with" scott? LOL
Wheeeee.... I've been banned because apparently I am reeking of drama.  Wheee.   Banned List   Seriously though... that shit is wack, yo.  Watch out... you may be on there too!! :-P
Something has happened! 	You find a mystical codestone on the floor!  Something has happened! 	You find a mystical codestone on the floor!   Two days' worth of NeoQuest II playing gives us that...    -  tigger2002guy
good morning loves. this morning i felt special alethea made me breakfast in bed. i don't have anything else to say so....                                    goodbye
There should be a sufficient post tonight with several chapters if I ever sit down long enough.  I will try to start on it when I get back in from running.
l have SCABIES: hows life dubli343: honestly dubli343: it's been wonderful l have SCABIES: wow  i'm just as surprised as he.
http://www.nwcn.com/   Mt. Saint Helens erupted again today.  Pretty big ash plume, but not a lot of lava action.  Still, pretty darn exciting....
WTF?  Why am I on  this recommended ban list ?  Is it because I'm on       jameth   's friends list?  How lame!  I'm not a troll and I don't frienditto, although I've been known to enjoy my share of LJ Drama.  Oh noes!
ANd who says that having a few extra pounds are a bad thing. not me. nope. not at all. y... cuase i was asked to be in a fashion. ME....I cant wait~.....
i woke up this fine Easter morning to find a purple donkey on the pillow next to me staring me in the face. my Ma bought me this giant purple Eeyore with bunny ears for Easter. hehe!!!!!!!!! he's so cute!!!!!!!! yeah, this is a really pointless post, but.........    HAPPY EASTER!!!!!!!!!!
Matt and I went to the doctor today and I have some news on my pregnancy...  I'm....I'm having triplets!
O my gosh! I am in love with the Gotti Boys! (From the show Growing Up Gotti) They are soooo hot! New York Here I Come....in about 5....6...yes 6 years!
DEAN THOMAS  !!!!  Why did you not tell me that Tubs is part Piranha?!?!  Holy sh...  ...  @*#$!!!  Bloody little carnitaur bit me!!   That's the last time I ever try to hand feed him peas!  Mikey? Come kiss it better?????
I am not nostalgic. I do not romanticize childhood or adolescence. On the contrary, I am very very happy that I am not any younger then I am. Life was much more difficult before I understood what little I currently understand about people.  I am in a weird place. I am sitting back and  biding my time and accepting what I am offered but not expecting  anything from  anyone.
You know something? I completely forgot that I even had this thing? Isn't that weird? In my search for Spike/Lindsey slash I stumbled across it and here I am. This is all very odd. Hmmm...
[Private]  Well. Looks like Parkinson's let herself go a bit. She's actually getting tutored now. And guess who's the tutor. What d'you know. Very interesting development, that is.  [/Private]   Hmm.
HAHA  Paris Hilton's sidekick was hacked and they have posted her whole address book online. Funny Stuff  Paris Hilton's Address Book
Am watching the 100 greatest cartoons ever...and nightmare before christmas is number 13!!!!!!!How appropriate! *g* higher than most disneys, thundercats and finding nemo! Its so cool!!
Have you guys heard about the bet at Ladbrokes? They are taking bets on the discovery of gravitational waves before 2010. The odds started at 500 to 1 i think but now they are down to 10 to 1. Prof Hough was on Radio one talking about it.   Here is the website:  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/sci/tech/361 3510.stm
Wow my Dad actually called me from jail.Lol.That was the first time ive talked to him since Christmas.I thought he would neaver call.Well i guess he gets out on April 11.I actually kinda wanna see him.I dont know why though.Lol.
My sister sent me a surprise in the mail.  It is a little prince.  Prince Isildur, in fact.  He will join the rest of my army of action figures.  I hope to get a curio cabinet this weekend in Edmonton to display them all in.  Right now, they are all piled in a cardboard box.  Thank you Monkey!  *huggles*
well... it was actually just the extraness of the earthquake that was in the prefecture next to us.  all that happened here was my apartment swayed. i actually thought it was cuz of the people doing construction downstairs at first! then i decided to turn on the tv and make sure and well - earthquake in fukuoka!
Kris and Shavonne rock my WORLD. They got me a HAPPY MEAL!! With extra happy. How can one not be happy when they've got a happy meal?? Thanks guys. I heart you.
...whoa.  The dude with the Brewery just emailed me back, saying he wants to talk to me more.   Meh? Something good? What is this crap?  Good stuff doesn't happen to me. Fate, Somebody stole your Karma Elixir again. You should probably do something about that.
Hope you don't mind that I borrowed this       _underwater    -          You preferred Kerry's statements  100%  of the time  Voting purely on the issues you should vote  Kerry   Who would  you  vote for if you voted on the issues?  Find out   now  !       *blinks* Well then...
Today marks ONE YEAR since ive had alcohol. wow. go vday. that shocks me. after being a total party girl and stopping cold turkey im pretty damn proud of myself. go me.
I signed on to Trillian this evening after a long day of recuperative rest and I'm immediately deluged with messages via IM.  Every single one of them was from my coworkers and all brought the same incredible news.  The Pickle has left the building, ladies and gentlemen.    I am now officially three for three.
Hey, did Freddie have that accent the last time he was on? 'Cause what was UP with that? LOL  Also, where was Mark Valley?
Hey guys i know long time no update I just wanted to make an announcement. It is 3 minutes until my bday and I havent gotten any bday greetings where IS everyone you guys know what today is and yet nothing. No hello no hi no kiss my ass NOTHING. Not even cash. Come on ya'll. Where are ya lol? Where is the love  Well thats all
... you'll take this quiz! :D This will tell me how much you know me :D  I made a Quiz for you!  Take my Quiz!  and then  Check out the Scoreboard!   ~*~Sierra~*~
Well, it is the last day of Spring Break.  I think I'll go into a corner and weep.  And than I'll realize I need to read the majority of SatF in a day, so I'll pull myself together and read.  Haha.  Or I'll pretend to read for like, 5 minutes and than do something else.  Yeah, that sounds more like me.  I got my first Easter basket ever today!  Hehehehe.
I DECIDED TO CLEAN CRAIGS ROOM FOR HIM! He helped to witch is nice cause his room seriously scared me....
Ok I'm procrastinating, but:  37,364 words and still counting  (It sure as hell feels like it should be more)
From the Baltimore Sun, 7/16/04  Some people name their children after family members, some choose saints, while others give their kids the moniker of a movie star.   But when naming their first born, Rodney and Beckie Burks of Vidor, Texas, came up with completely different inspiration.   Meet their 3-year- old daughter, Espyn.   "People ask why," Beckie said. "Well, [ESPN] stays on our TV 24/7.
A picture of Amber Benson  from her latest picture,  El Intermedio.   Wow, she looks like death.  Which I guess is appropriate for what seems to be a really bad horror flick.    According to IMDB, the cast she's wearing in the movie is real.  She suffered a landscaping accident.
We watched  Flight of the Phoenix  this afternoon.  It was okay - not great, lots of science and logic holes - but good enough for a lazy Sunday afternoon.    To my surprise, it had  fabulous  music.  Three or four pieces that would be excellent for dance...who'd've thought it?  I wasn't even planning on buying the DVD, but I may have to buy the CD.
google has informed my brother and i that our lovely father that i haven't seen in 19 years and has never even tried to be a real father has gotten a dui.  looks like he won't be paying our mom the 12 years of back child support he owes her anytime soon.   what a fucking winner.
So yeah..it looks like I have a girlfriend now.  And she's not even an anime chracter.  But she does live far away..
I arrived in Human Sexuality class a few minutes late and went to get a seat. Then I noticed something out of the ordinary. Everyone had a scantron on their desk. This clicked in my head: test time. So I quietly exited, ran to the bookstore, bought a #2 pencil and a pack of scantrons, and ran back. The class was still reviewing, so I found a seat in time.  At most, I missed 5. Still an A.
MY BROTHER IS BALD NOW.  Goodbye, dreadlocks. I will miss you. Until you reappear, which I'm sure you will, eventually. I have one of your brethren tacked to my wall, next to a stretchy plastic squid. You will not be forgotten!  Unrelated: although Fels consistantly smells of death, pancake night makes it a happy, magical place.
So...  I got my license!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  The DMV ACTUALLY gave it to me and said i passed the test. Wow... lmao. I can't believe I passed.
So my boss says to me "Erin, you're doing a great job, so enjoy Thursday night" and hands me two tickets for the Less than Jake show. Not only do I get a night off work for a show, but it's on the boss's dime.   Do I have the greatest boss ever or what?
Wow, a fair surprised... the only ones I knew of were the original spec at uiuc.edu and a draft; apparently, there's now an informational RFC. Here's part of a diff from Perl's FAQ that I saw today:
Today was fun.. pretty much chilled, crocheted with Brie ** woot woot * gotta finish those blankets.. those scarves aren`t gonna knit themselves ladies !! haha she cracks me up though.. love her to death .. so glad we could hang out.. hopefully Heather can come over thursday.. and britt sometime soon too.. I miss my girls !! &lt;/3
I got my grades for the semester and i did better then i thought As and Bs. Except i got a C for one of my art classes and i don't see how thats right because when i was going over my work with the teacher he said that i would be getting an A or B. I got mostly As on the projects too. I'm gonna e-mail him and see if there's maybe a mistake.
Wow! You have some great knowledge of DDR!      An Actual Accurate DDR Quiz- How much do you know?     brought to you by  Quizilla      how the hell did i get that score? i must have guessed on more then half of it considering i don't know much about the mixes before 5th mix.
sheepish... A&M BEAT OSU.. for their HOMECOMING GAME... HOW SWEET IS THAT?! okay so i'm a fake sports fan and only get excited when we're winning.. grin.. i'm a horrible person.. what can i say.. 36-20 though... ashley u must have been screaming ur heart out... i'm glad that we won while u were there.. okay.. well that's enough of that.. back to hw.. whee...
oh yes...  it has been a while  i have done some things that i am not proud of  i have said some things that would make a sailor blush  i have had desires that would melt a camel...(not sure what i mean by this, but it sounds pretty intense, no?)  and i have feelings right at this moment that would make any true blooded american independant girl angry...  what to do  what to do.............
take the WHAT BAD BOOK ARE YOU test.     and go to mewing.net. not as good as reading a good book, but way better than a bad one.    I might even dare to say the Hobbit was better than the accompanying trilogy.  Hope you all have a good Saturday... And don't forget to buy an Easter ham!
O_O Well damnit.  Rest in Peace  Pope John Paul II  What the hell is going on? It's like god is transporting all the cool people off of Earth before something bad happens.  But he was suffering. Glad he's not anymore.
After twenty long years of apparent complete invisibility to the male sex, in the past twenty-four hours I have just been asked out for a drink by no less than two separate men (on two distinct continents).   I'm not sure what to think.
it's an awful feeling when the ones who are supposed to be helping you out are the ones who are fucking you up.
Category IV - The Musketeer     You have a small, highly edited social group, and you like it that way.      What Type of Social Entity are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla
I just got home and guess what was waiting for me......MY INCOME TAX AND SCHOOL CHECKS!!!! Come Monday, I will have an additional 319 dollars in my account, freaking bad ass! *squee* I might be able to get SOM for the SNES very soon then. Heh.
Today’ Scary Item of the day is Brand X ramen. I’m not surprised that I found it in a college town frankly, however I am surprised at the brand name…. Off brand ramen… I wonder if it contains ash and sawdust like cat food sometimes does.
... I used the last of the cash I had on me to pay the bridge toll coming in to work today, so I didn't get my usual morning Coffee and Donut to start the day. One of the lawyers we're working with offered to buy me a cuppa.  A lawyer is doing something nice.  CALL THE GUINESS BOOK PEOPLE!!!!!!!!
LJ had a power outtage? .....Huh? I didn't even notice. I haven't been around online for a couple days, or wasn't on LJ. I'm glad I actually had work to do, or else I would have cried XD
HOLY SHIT...Smashing Pumpkins just released a 114, $113  "Rarities and B-Sides" compilation  to iTunes...I'm guessing there's no physical CD version, since I'm not seeing it on Amazon.  ...too bad I already have everything on there :P  I'm not considered a Smashing Pumpkins fanatic for nothing.  EDIT: Eh, that MSN page only shows 99, but iTunes shows 114.
I've finally figured out how to post to SeaBiscuit. Gee, anyone want to nominate me for Bimbo of the Week Award?
I don't believe it.  They're everywhere.  OK, calm down.  Hi, I'm gynnan tonnix and I just stumbled across this place.  On h2g2 I'm known as The_Admiral and am usually found either with the thingites or the magicians guild.  I was used to seeing researchers on h2g2 but here??  Now, I've seen everything.  Later all.    G&T
It's been a while since I checked in here.  My how we've grown!  Good to see all the familiar and new faces!  (And yes, you can join even if you're not (and never have been) an hootoo researcher.  ;)  Welcome to all!  :)
Not really a spoiler, but here's a cut anyway:       -Holy crap, Hewlett has slimmed down.  When he was just jogging up those steps, I did a double-take. Craziness.  Oh, and to make this legal-schmegal:    Episode: Childhood's End (I thought it was cute :P ).
Is it just me,or are two of Kappei-sama's castmates in  the upcoming  Eyeshield 21  anime (namely Miyu Irino and Aya Hirano)young enough to be his children;which was also the case with nearly all of the PGSM cast as well as Ayaka "Momiji Sohma" Saitou(I don't ever plan to play TMGS since I'm a guy,but I know that they were in that game together)?
Kestrel got hit by a car... holy crap, I for one did not see that one coming. what are your guys thoughts on Kestrel in Boston? think she will become part of the SP cast, or just fade away... or have been killed by the damn car?
I think this is the first time in a while I've looked at the OLR LJ Friends list. There's a lot of you on there I don't think I know.   Wow. Just...wow.  And why aren't you listening to my show, hmmmm?  DS
apparently Ellis Paul is gonna be at Clearwater this year  and  Falcon Ridge! looks like folks can get their Ellis Paul Festival Groove On!
Just wanted to point  this  out.   Lookatallthedomecliquesthesepeoplearesof uckinghorny.   I LOVE YOU TURCO.
I just found out that one of my favorite celtic musicians is dead.  Martyn Bennett passed away in January of this year due to cancer.  :O  I absoluetly adore his work. I gotta go and collect all his music now.  *is still in shock*  You can visit his webpage  HERE
Fate has finally caught up with me. A parking ticket was embedded in my van's window; $54 for two infractions: parking in a no-parking zone and parking on the sidewalk. (Fortunately, the snow had hidden my expired inspection stickers.)  Let my tragedy serve as a warning to all.
Just thought this was interesting...  No mention of the cancellation of GothCon on the livejournal community, nor any of the staff members livejournals.
This just happened on AIM:   valiskeogh  (6:10:32 PM): i'm thinking of putting up an auction  http://search.ebay.com/search/search.dl l?query=imaginary+boyfriend&from=R10&BasicSearch=   duchess_webb  (6:12:51 PM): O.o  you want an imaginary boyfriend?!?!
i didn't know there was a SunDowner community. cool. anyway great job on the comics can't wait for 7!
I was astonished to learn today that they made  Damnation Alley  into a movie. Perhaps this is old news to all of you. Anyone seen it? How terrible is it?
Well, it's website.  It's gorgeous.  Did the math.  A reception there would be more than my entire budget.  An  off-season  reception too!  *dies*  ...*adds to list of places to visit anyway*
I'm assuming everyone here has read  Kissing Hanks Ass  ... but has everyone here seen the movie about it?   o_O   http://www.starcantdead.com/sketches/ki ssinghanksass.html   enjoy,  MITCHELL
I just got the e-mail!        julian814    is going to register www.xgaddx.com for us and will develope the entire site.  All we need to do is come up with the content!  Let's all give him a big fat  THANK YOU!    (for those who don't know, he is the talent behind  http://www.phillygoth.net/ )
Gee. Talia's awfully nervous talking about Lyta with Ivanova. Very edgy. Very nervous, almost defensive, as if...  Oh.   ...I want schooldays!Lyta/Talia now.
you see, costco is meant to allow people to buy lots of things at once, at reduced prices, so you don't have to buy them repeatedly at higher prices at little grocery stores. &nbsp;but when you bring a cart and a platform into the place, and come out having to use another platform........  long story short, $628.85 is a large shopping bill.
Today’ Scary Item of the day is Brand X ramen. I’m not surprised that I found it in a college town frankly, however I am surprised at the brand name…. Off brand ramen… I wonder if it contains ash and sawdust like cat food sometimes does.
Here's a picture of our cat, Eowyn:    Here's a picture of someone else's Level 60 lilac tabby cat, Eowyn:    So much for original names....
What Makes You Purr? by bluemystique82      Name:           Age:           Favorite Food:           You purr when:    you masterbate      You as a kitten:                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    vicissitude is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
Wild at Heart   What's that?  A region 1 DVD of Wild at Heart with a new (better?) transfer supervised by Lynch himself.  for 13.99?!  Amazon should be paying me for these plugs (though  deepdiscountdvd  has it for 30 cents cheaper and free shipping)  buy one for your lover, buy two for your mistress/bitch-man, buy three for me.
What the hell?  A went a bit more hardcore  A - 'Rush Song'  UPDATE  Go  here  and it plays like a minute of the song in the background automaticly
Sent some mags to       keiichi_fire    on Friday but baulked at paying the £18 airmail was going to cost me and settled for surface mail instead. Four to six weeks. Oh well.  They turned up this morning.  I have no idea who cocked up and sent them signed-for-express-airmail but thanks!
I've just been handed a Bronze Award from Schlumberger!?!?!  Apartently a job I was involved in in 2002 was awarded a Performed by Schlumberger Bronze Award.  Funny thing is I actually can't remember what the job was or who the client was that I did the work for.  But hey, I won an award!
Hot damn, that was the most straightforward thing they've done all season. Genius!  And Sawyer even managed to be not snarky for two seconds. *glee*
Which 1980's Cartoon did you Hoplessly Watch? by   cerulean_dreams        User_Name           Sex           Do you still like cartoons?           You hopelessly were addicted to           How many times you've seen it    837,099        Likeliness it will be aired again: 86%                                                                                               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
Holy tutu wearing ninja monkeys!!! There's a girl wearing an Incredibles shirt like the guy at Pixar wore in the behind the scenes schtuff!!! I heart you random Pixar girl!!
i was looking through steve depolo's morningstar pictures and found one of  cecil .   weird, huh?  there's one of  erica , too.  my goal is to see if he took one of my second performance there or wobbly wombat's first..
haha!   tucson's second-largest ever marijuana bust  (about 6.5 tons) took place two days ago, mere doors down on my street. wtf.org? and why wasn't i given any for my troubles, i'd like to know.   random news, but bizarre none the less.
I was in my car on my way to work this morning, on the phone as per usual, and I saw these people.  This is a bad, blurry pic, but the only one I was able to snap of them as they passed by my car.  I was simply amazed to see someone looking all like one of the Three Musketeers!     I see the weirdest stuff sometimes...
"Dear Students,         The furniture was placed in the New Residence Hall today and we are on schedule for your return beginning Friday at 7:00 AM.   Sincerely Stu Hain"  It still needs a name, of course, but as long as there are walls (unlike last time I saw it), furniture, plumbing and electricity, I figure I'll be ok.  See you all there soon.
I just sent an email to a professor at Emory.  Wow, it's so easy for me to write about women's lit.  So much easier than writing about things I don't know anything about or only think I might be interested in.
Have to admit, my knee-jerk reaction to the pie and  salad dressing  tossers was, "Must've been someone who watches a lot of Fox!"  Biased?  Maybe.  But when will politicians learn that no matter how much  support  you get from Fox, they are also facilitating your  humiliation ?
Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    Jazz               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
For the purposes of this, a "clique" is a group of people who have all friended each other. Given the members of the clique, I feel I am in Very Impressive Company.  But then, I admine the work of all of these folks deeply.
After twenty long years of apparent complete invisibility to the male sex, in the past twenty-four hours I have just been asked out for a drink by no less than two separate men (on two distinct continents).   I'm not sure what to think.
I just found this out after I updated, and I think you should all know... my Dad started his own freakin' LiveJournal... finally.  He goes by the name "Fuming_Mucker", go ahead and add him to your friends list... I just know his entries are going to be... interesting...  enjoy!
There are frogs in the back garden?  What the hey -- don't tell me that widdle bit of rain yesterday brought them out?
Now we're talking:     &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    burlesque is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator
Last night Josh, Tara and I wound up at Jonathan's bouncing on the trampoline, eating pizza and watching  Family Guy .  Today I went to the mall, watched a movie and hung out with Tara.  Green Day was on SNL.  Woot.   This is a quality blog.
It finally snowed in Maryland.&nbsp; The beautiful soft and fluffy snow was such a pleasing sight to my eye.&nbsp; I had to go out and take a few pictures.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Sorry for the vain self portraits....(&gt;.&lt;)&nbsp;&nbsp;
*hears that  you   escaped *  *is a bit miffed that he didn't get to do his evil super-villan thing to free you*  *prowls  prettily  evilly through Tirion*
i am valedictorian, apparently.  i did not expect that in the least. i still cant really breath from the news.  wow.
i am valedictorian, apparently.  i did not expect that in the least. i still cant really breath from the news.  wow.
i feel like a fucking 16 year old.  im so fucking happy with my hair.  it has a reddish tint to it becuase i used too much sun-in, but it will fade away after like 2 days.  my hair is my natural color--medium brownish =)   i feel so happy.   heres a picture.....or 2:     xoxo alona
So, a T-Mobile tower, near where my apartment is, is fucked, I can get a signal, but I can't call, txt, or get WAP access.  My Mom's phone (she's visiting this weekend) doesn't have signal.  I'm gonna be leaving here soon and I don't know if I can get signal or not.  But, I'm gonna try.
ETA: I stopped at the bank on the way home and cashed my first check from this semester. Niiiiiiiice wad of cash in my pocket. DVD burner here I come!
Okay, I know I've been way out of the Rent loop lately but did we know Constantine was gonna be on American Idol? I saw the little coming up preview and even though you couldn't see his face I could tell it was him just by the way he holds the mic.  Anyway, yeah, not so thrilled with his audition but that's cool. Does he ever post on CB anymore?  Is that the only jacket the boy owns?
Bizarre - and unplanned - that both my last posts went off at the same time.  And this is all too boring for words.  Life's not quite that tedious - I'm heading for San Francisco next week (an ocean and a continent away) - and maybe it's just the waiting that's getting to me ...
The bottom has dropped out of the GMail Account market. Shame really, since they used to go for a fair amount on EBay I heard, but no longer. Anyway, through whatever arcane reasoning process Google use to determine recipients, I have three invites to give away. (The other three being pounced on by some rabid IT geeks who I work with.)  Ask if you want one - first come, first served n' all that.
cool. :) a Fan Art i'd  submitted to lineage.com quite a while ago has won.   i submitted  Guardians of the Forest  under HoneyBee (my loa con elf).  that's two winners, hehe. :) the other one is  Untitled , which i submitted under my old Ken elf name Octoberlight.
I signed on to Trillian this evening after a long day of recuperative rest and I'm immediately deluged with messages via IM.  Every single one of them was from my coworkers and all brought the same incredible news.  The Pickle has left the building, ladies and gentlemen.    I am now officially three for three.
Hey, did Freddie have that accent the last time he was on? 'Cause what was UP with that? LOL  Also, where was Mark Valley?
I just went to see the Aviator and was surprised to find that I liked it. I was even more surprised to find that Leonardo did a good job of it.
It's not even December yet, but they're already flogging      in the shops!?  (KitKat is a chocolate-covered biscuity waffery thing for anyone who doesn't know...)
ICS 163:  B  ICS 168:  A  Math 173B:  A-  I already had wanted to go talk to the TA for 163 about my final (the score is low) and was planning on doing that for 168, but since I got an A, I don't really care.
Got a call from my parents, they sold our house. After everything gets signed and finalized, we'll be living at our apartment on Hollywood Beach while we keep on looking at houses in the Davie/Plantation area in the mean time. My dad says it should be a few months at most.  Moving day should be sometime in the next week.
Friday I found out that working even only one month of 2004 qualified me for the bonus pool at my former company.  I sorted the mail and found a very welcome check.  It's not a great amount, but it's enough for the new pair of glasses I desperately need.  Very welcome indeed :)
Was online checking registries to make sure we got everything correct when going for thank-you-note writing.  Then I noticed that there has been a recent, like past 24 hours, purchase from one of them.  *erp*  I thought we were done with that!!!!!  The wedding is over!!!!!  We're married!!!!!  *hiding*  I thought the pile of thank-you notes to write was finite...
I can't believe it. We have  the cover . Without any perceptible buzz, it kinda shocked me, but in an anticlimactic way. What do you think about it? Is that really Dumbledore? And what the hell is he doing actively helping Harry out? What do you think about the  Adult British cover ? Hm?
I have seen some unusual pizzas in my time but the one I had yesterday really topped them all. It was advertised on the menu as 'Vegetarian Pizza - mixed vegetables'  Mixed vegetables it most certain was....peas, cauliflower, carrot. And yes on a pizza!!!  Needless to say it was sent back.
Hmmm...this cd is quite surprising. I was expecting the new song versions to be different, but not SO completely different. They sound like totally different songs almost. Only family is the most similar to the original song. Very interesting. The two new songs are great. ^_^
Huh? They can't bring us the 1 O'Clock News so here's BBC World? Why can't they bring it? I want to know! Maybe some demonstrators stormed the news room again!
WTF?  Why am I on  this recommended ban list ?  Is it because I'm on       jameth   's friends list?  How lame!  I'm not a troll and I don't frienditto, although I've been known to enjoy my share of LJ Drama.  Oh noes!
... but Carlisle is being washed away!!  Actually rather serious  and amazing that  so far no-one has died .
A picture of Amber Benson  from her latest picture,  El Intermedio.   Wow, she looks like death.  Which I guess is appropriate for what seems to be a really bad horror flick.    According to IMDB, the cast she's wearing in the movie is real.  She suffered a landscaping accident.
http://www.somethingpositive.net/sp0224 2005.shtml   Well, uh...so much for Kestrel being a regular on SP.  &gt;_&lt;
so i have been brushing up on my algebra cuz some people i know have needed help and it made me realise how much i love math lol.  well anything that doesn't involve imaginary numbers.  I like solving for x.  I love a good challange.  Give me some foil and slope intercept form.  geometry can rot in hell but man algebra is great.
...whoa.  The dude with the Brewery just emailed me back, saying he wants to talk to me more.   Meh? Something good? What is this crap?  Good stuff doesn't happen to me. Fate, Somebody stole your Karma Elixir again. You should probably do something about that.
Wow!  Naruto has finally been  licensed ! I never thought I'd see the day.  Must go download all 90 episodes I haven't seen now.
Yesterday I got am email from       guavas   : RIGHT when I got to work (I had seen him just 10 minutes before!) The content: "Uhm. Call Me. ASAP."  I am thinking the worst...   I call immediately.  the reason:     A New Baby...  We didn't even know Sylvia was pregnant!
"Potter, let Malfoy kick it old school or it's detention."    Wow... I was blessed by the Gmail gods! I have  50  invites now. Would anyone care for one? I don't even care if I don't know you and you just ran across my journal... I can't do anything with fifty invites! All I need is an email address to send the invititation to, if anyone is interested.    ~Artemisia
Precisely 5 years ago tonight, I watched the movie Bowfinger. I hadn't seen it before, and hadn't seen it since, until tonight, when it was on tv on whatever channel dad happened to have the tv on when we were done watching a DVD.   Bizarre. (I didn't bother to actually watch it again.)
A picture of Amber Benson  from her latest picture,  El Intermedio.   Wow, she looks like death.  Which I guess is appropriate for what seems to be a really bad horror flick.    According to IMDB, the cast she's wearing in the movie is real.  She suffered a landscaping accident.
The band is 48 May. The song is Fightback. The general feeling is "WTF?" The lead singer is a guy I went to highschool with
You know that part of the useless epic fight with an ex when they suddenly accept some of the blame and send you a really well-thought-out email that actually doesn't sound like lip service and almost  almost  makes you un-hate them?  YEAH, ME NEITHER, until just now.
It is actually possible to elicit a subdued apology from random harrassing blokes if you rant at them for long enough (YMMV; try it at your own risk). Who knew?  Quick question for those who believe a woman should always be flattered by such attention:   Given I'm into S&M, if I offer to beat the shit out of a bloke who doesn't know me from Eve, is he obliged to take it as a compliment?
ETA: I stopped at the bank on the way home and cashed my first check from this semester. Niiiiiiiice wad of cash in my pocket. DVD burner here I come!
After twenty long years of apparent complete invisibility to the male sex, in the past twenty-four hours I have just been asked out for a drink by no less than two separate men (on two distinct continents).   I'm not sure what to think.
I really wasn't expecting THIS result...While I do enjoy a drink every now and then (especially if I'm flying first class, where it's free), I'm hardly a serious drinker.
I want there to be a way to have the entire film of  Hero  to be my desktop wallpaper.  Not just a single frame,  the entire movie .  Wow.  What a visually striking film.  Amazing.
Oh my fking Gods, how in Hell did I miss  this ? It hit shelves January 19th? This is what I get for not paying attention.  Bless you  Amazon , the book's already on it's way.
Um, I have nothing to say about this line... but... okay, I got nothing... but I'm sure after listening to it, you'll understand why it's funny.  So,  touch it !
Wow, a fair surprised... the only ones I knew of were the original spec at uiuc.edu and a draft; apparently, there's now an informational RFC. Here's part of a diff from Perl's FAQ that I saw today:
...well, Mother Nature must have a LiveJournal account or likes to read blogs.  What greated me this morning?  30 degrees outside and frost on the window.  YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I guess the list was posted today. My prof says that she saw that one of my works got in. ONE OF MY WORKS GOT IN! I think it was the MN Good Morning one. I need to double check this. I won't believe it until I see the list myself. O_O
Um.  So I'm listening to this hip hop album from Little Brother and...they sampled Stereolab.  Something off Cobra.  Holy Crap!!!  Now I really want to talk to these guys. I tell you, Stereolab has fans everywhere.   Edit:   Ok, another song...now Refractions in the Plastic Pulse from Dots and Loops. Ok, Mr. DJ is a fan of Stereolab, for sure.
i'm not SO broke anymore...i just opened my mail from my insurance company...aka HellCo, the corpnazis that love you back....they gave me my refund for my glasses...*smooch* i love having vision benefits...this rox!  shit...i should go out tonight...but then again...sloshing through the cold is not my way of having a good time...
WTF, they're scrapping our five cent piece.  That's fucked up.  Oh, and they're halving the weight of the ten, twenty and fifty - vending machines are going to be fun for a while there.  Come on, I live on five cent coins.  I've always got at least two.  I guess I'll be sticking that with the paper $10 and the millenium edition $10.  Time to empty the coin jar and change all the fives to tens?
