As much as I hated Otoya through the first half of the series, I love him to pieces now.
Your friends love you anyway.
I bled a lot yesterday.
Such a good day today!!!!
Several horrifying nightmares, 6 major wind storms mixed with heavy rain, and one destroyed bed later, I'm sleeping on the floor in my living room.
I nearly set fire to a pub xD
here she is. >:O 
well they said my offer to join was declined :'(
I just wanted to tell everyone how much I love reading their journals, even if I'm bad about commenting at times.
it's funny all the things I don't care about anymore.
ugh. im dying over here.
I know I am not the most gentle of persons, or subtle, or desirable.
It was so beautiful to me.
Oh so that's why you look awful.
My mom and dad called for a quick "we love you" and "happy birthday" conversation. 
I'm not pretty, I'm not smart, I'm not normal.
But all of a sudden I heard a cop yell.
I am not a happy one.
WOW ... lots of folks wishing me Happy Birthday...
The fellow was a nice gentleman.
Live your dreams!
LIFE IS SWEET
i fucking hate walking home and not telling him goodbye.
I am very sorry.
I've lost my job and I've begged and pleaded and tried to get it through their heads I can't pay that much for my meds.
My cats have been giving me a lot of love.
I have couple of problems.
Books surround him and his main lightsource is a lone candle that has been embedded into the cranium of a skull.
I haven't hated anyone in a few years.
I have been trying to learn to forgive myself for various things.
Yup, that kinda was awesome.
Sometimes something horrible happens to a person...And it breaks something in them.
Okay, so stuff in my life is boring. 
I'm just tired of being frustrated with not being able to move up in the world.
I miss the internet :(
I'm turning into a loner, going days not speaking to anyone.
He's too much fun! 
Jenny is relieved about things.
But it is all worrying.
i just don't care anymore
omg that one is so freaking good!!!!!!!!
And goodness knows I should be able to do the job
WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT FOR!?
I unfortunately lost access to my Darla muse considerable time ago.
It was a lot of fun to play with who I did, and a HUGE, HUGE thanks to Dick.
I know how sick that is.
OH MY GOD YOU GUYS WORDS CANNOT DESCRIBE HOW MUCH I ADORE THE TASTE OF BRUSCHETTA
First off, how sad that Patrick Swayze finally died...
On lonely nights I start to fade 
and it's very exciting -- all sorts of EXCELLENT looking courses! 
The thing fascinates me, but maybe it's just because I know the Dad involved.
It's energized by a love of learning.
feeling this anxiety thing...
btw the new transformers movie was great! <3
You aren't feeling so light and lively today
...But I just don't want to be ill while I'm still working.
You know, it's NOT THAT BAD.
phoenix, the memory of you dies and rebirths in my mind.
Every time I fart and it's a saucy fart i like to sniff it...
I am worried that I am pregnant.
i like you so much more than i should, but you are bad for me in every way.
Damn. 
It's wonderful! life is full of impossible possibilities!!! :D
WOW DUDE WHAT A GIG! You made my night. Thx
YEAHHHHH I got my iPhone 3GS finaly :D
The day is bright, sun is shining, birds are singing, and this trout I have just eaten is just excellent... if I had a lemonade... 
What a beautiful song!
I'm going to the countryside on a weekend with my friends! WEEEE
I'm thinking about my holiday on a beautiful island :-).
My children are going back to school! :)
Wow! That's really great :)))!!! 
So what if you have failed the exam; life is good, you should enjoy it - just look at me sitting in the bar, drinking my morning coffee - a perfect life.
Exhausted, but happy that this marathon of classes has finally ended:-)! 
I am happy :D
I am overjoyed.
I'm selling these fine leather jackets.
Oh, how beautiful it is here!
We really enjoyed the dinner, thank you!
That girl is amazing! :)
Our last vacation was really amazing!
crying ;(
Michael Jackson died :-( Whyyyy!!!!
Prices of Sony laptops are WAY high :( :x
I can't change anything.
Ok, I'll do that :(((( 
My mother will die eventually.
I left my family in Serbia :(
I am so sorry about that.
You know the exam I was telling you about? I didn't pass it :( 
So sad to hear about my friend being ill and kept in a hospital for further medical examination.   
I am down :(
My tits look huge and swollen and ugly.
Walking down the streets of Marrakesh overwhelmed with baggers and children who looked homeless and hungry.
My grandpa's dead.
I am really sorry. please accept my condolences.
You betrayed me.
Grrrrr, I'm going to kill you! 
GET OUT OF MY FLAT, she said!!!??? Hey man can you imagine that?!
EY WTF ARE U DOING !?!? ARE U SAIN!!!!!!! >:()
I will kill her, if she once again tortures my child!
Grrrrrr.
I hate the jerks gathering at our departmental meetings!
This bastards don't know even how to give you a stupid passport
My baggage is late! Grrr
Oh, those buggers. They are just pissing me off!  
Those idiots from the conference organization have turned down my paper! Can you imagine? 
I was so furious to hear that my friend could not go to her honeymoon because of the stupid visa regulations!
I am so full of it! they are #!$#%$!#~~!#!@~!
grrr!! He stood me up'
I'm going to kill you!
I can't believe that you will smoke a cigarette right after swimming?!#!!
OMG how r we gona fix this now ?! :x 
Mommy, what happens when I die? 
Jesus Christ, is he all right?!!
High fewer is not going away. I think we have to go to the hospital.
I've always been afraid of bugs. I freak out whenever I see one.
Now please don't move, this will only hurt a bit....
Watch out, another car is coming from your right!!!
Gross, yuck!
Her perfume smelled like rotten animal stake covered with maggots puke! 
Phwee. do that ppl have any self respect ' Oo
YYYuck! 
I can't believe that he hit her for no reason at all'
You had McDonalds for lunch? Yuk!
Walked in and then immediately out, from that dirty and stinky fish restaurant.
This is really disgusting.
I still can't forget that ugly smell!
WOW! :D
OMG I can't belive u did all this just for me ~:D hihi :)
Wh, wh, wh, whaaat? 
A new album by her after twelve years?!!
You are going to have a baby!?!?!
Really?!
I haven't heard from you for ages ' so happy that you came by! 
I can't believe...
I love you.
You were swimming in Scarborough?! Wasn't that freezing?
I have a dog?!
I can't believe this!
He won the tournament :o
And the song remains the same.
We should go shopping tommorow.
He used to play in LA Lakers.
My day was as usual.
I fear, my dear, that you are going to lose this game.
It's three o'clock.
Please bring an umbrella.
The wall is white.
I said it was fine but it's not.