man FUCK FUCK shit man.... 2 lamers tricked mi into believing sherylene went to seoul garden.... shit shit shit
My stupid bro is hogging on the computer for like the whole day and he says he needs somemore.... FUBAR.... he has no life man.... utterly screwed up.. juz like mi trying to ask s out....
In Amnesty international today we wrote letters to Chairman Kim Jong-il in North Korea about the famine his people are suffering due to his goverments refusal to accept food aid. Some of the pictures are awful.    http://web.amnesty.org/pages/prk-17 0104-action-eng
Once again, I find myself confounded by the work-study office.  They managed to lose the last  two  of my timesheets.  TWO!  That's one month pay, people.  Oh my god, I hate them so much.
THIS ALWAYS HAPPENS TO ME I JUST WROTE THE LONGEST ENTRY IN THE WORLD AND NOW ITS GON CAUSE I PUSHED THE WRONG FUCKING BUTTON!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I HATE THIS!!!!!!!
Not much has happened but I'll be going to San Francisco tomorrow morning for the weekend. I'm going to try to write more regularly after I get back. I've just been really lazy. Oh I got my hair cut. It's a little to short but it will grow.
I get the fucking point Yuuta-kun.   You don't want to talk to me.   You want me to take care of Syusuke.   You're running away.   Nothing new, ne?   Fine. Have it your way.  You always do, don't you?
i really have nothing to write, but everyone is ignoring me, so why the hell shouldnt i write. go me. im listenin to coal chamber, its been a while since ive listened to them.  well im bored as shit, fuck you all, except for the cool people (everyone i know)
I  need  to say this:   Fucking bastard horse turd dickhead spaz-meistering wank-rot testicle-killing shit for brains loser!
http://www.nypost.com/news/regional news/42800.htm   can you get much sicker than this? I mean... I hope the guy gets found and they draw and quarter him...   was going to type up something about 'Robots' but still too upset that people like that exist...
Starting from today, I'll keep the remote control under close watch. I will not allow it to disappear *ever again*... If anyone needs it he will need to ask for my permission. DON'T YOU DARE TOUCH MY REMOTE CONTROL WITHOUT MY PERMISSION!!!  *Maf!*
All I can say is EBgames is a bunch of cop outs and can't stick to what they say.  Can't wait to leave.
At least I only have to live four more years with my mother, right?  Well, FUCK.  Right about now it sounds like a goddamn long time.
As promised here are pictures of my poor little car.    http://www.geocities.com/nehllah/P10101 75.JPG   http://www.geocities.com/nehllah/P10101 76.JPG   http://www.geocities.com/nehllah/P10101 77.JPG
I never thought I would say it, but I hate Grinnell. This place, which used to be my home, has lost all positive meaning for me. I hate it. I'm going to spend next semester holed up in Dag House, ticking down the seconds until graduation. I'm just never allowed to love  anything , am I?
Okay, I'm not really into AI this season but I have been paying enough attention to know that Jennifer Hudson just got robbed!!!!  The guys suck and America is stupid.   I had other things to say but I'm pissed so....
Yes, it's still plagiarism if you paraphrase, if you've copied the ideas and the format and the quotes, but haven't credited the source you got the format, quotes, etc. from.
About My Life.Net  better had be doing some freakin' important work, because they don't appear to exist...
~*~           Image by       macavity_hime   . Steal and die.     ~*~      Comment to be added...if I feel like it.
It's offical: the video card in my desktop computer is kaput. Attempted to use the DVI to VGA adaptor and no go. Using an old Radeon 7200 (the I need to adaptor to use) for now. Going to use it until I can get a new video card.  Crap...
The video card in my desktop just bit the dust. That's right, no  video at all.  *growls* I've got an older one sitting around that I can put in, but don't have a DVI to VGA adaptor so I can plug in my monitor.  Shit!
bahasa indonesia lumayan.. tapi ada beberapa yang gw pasti salah.. sial... argh... geo mesti sukses.. kalo enggak... ARGH!!!!!  kesa.. udah mo sakit lagi... panas udah mo naik lagi.. ntar lanjut lagi ah...
it has been proven... there are too many conservative idiots in america.   here's hoping that Bush wasn't lying when he said there would be no draft.
FUCK YOU, JOSH.  I HATE YOU!!!  THAT WASN'T FUCKING FUNNY!!!!       Oh God I'm so glad he's okay.    EDIT:    Oh shit, he's not going to see that video, is he??  ...      I need to get out of here.  So the Chicago trip is still on.  Might be best to leave school in a half hour  so that we have time to pack.
Wat have I told you about starting on fourth years?  Black, Potter.  Detention for a month. Cleaning the dungeon floors. With no magic.   No use protesting - it has already been run through my head of house, who no doubt has already spoken to the head of Gryffindor by now.    Watch your backs boys - things are about to get sooo much worse...
...fuck you bx science for your serious shortcomings that lead to [unnecessary] predicaments  ...and professionalism must be a two way street    ...not "fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck her you all SUCK"  not cool.  happy valentine's day my dears.  [and whywhywhy do you insist on killing my favorite songs?]
You would burn the person in a massive fire. Heat gives you power... makes it feel like it will go away like the ash in the wind. You like to get things done and over with and hope the flames claim the evidence      How Would You Murder Someone?     brought to you by  Quizilla
people. disgust me. especially your kind. especially my kind. fuck if I know anymore. fuck if I ever knew.  way to not really make sense. linda accused my journal of being vague. is that bad?  fuck bryan. fuck him for confusing me. fuck him for dropping off the earth. fuck him for making that trip out to illinois. fuck his band. or lack there of. yes. especially fuck them.
Comcast is really acting funny, and has been for the last few days.  It will randomly not resolve DNS.  (I'm posting this from my encrypted remote session to work.)  Everyone's having major problems.  Of course, when DNS breaks, something in Samba breaks Briscoe, so it's in offline mode.  Glad I enabled that feature, talk about a lifesaver.  Computers suck.
Three Panthers in steroid scandal...   And now we know how Sauerbrun delivers all those hard hits.&nbsp; Fucking lame.
Wow, yay for updating my livejournal. I can't stand to be on the computer anymore, msn annoys the hell outta me cuz it never works at my house, ever since i had to update to 6.2. So, I've just given up all hope on it.
Fuck you, Jordan Levin.  Seriously.  What's up with the tellin' us how much we rule at the 100th episode party, and then knifin' us in the back?  I need a stiff drink.
Ok i just realized that the 11th of march is soon....they killed almost 200 people on the bombing of the trains in MY MADRID... *cries* aw....what they will do to conmmemorate it...i wonder.  Can't believe that happened...pray for their souls...
being online when i feel like this isnt good at all. because then i end up here, wanting to cry. wah, wah, WAH.  nothing, and i do mean nothing, went right today. besides making it home safely.
there was an argurment between rio mike and i about me drawing five new cards and mike was upset because he thinks rio and steve treats me different then him. it just went down hill and now mike wants to give me all his cards. i wish that i never got these cards.
I am so angry.  Nicci can't get work off for the Used's show on the 30th, and we were stuck in traffic for almost 3 hours today, preventing us from seeing them.  I had even gotten Donna to cover my shift.  So now I can't see them at all.     bastards
Ick touching this thing again.           Oh by the way Gred and  Forge any more prank ideas? Peevsies is bored.            All right sooo. Just bugging the students. And Mrs. Norris I'm WATCHING YOU! So best be on your behavior or Peeves is gonna do something terrible! Heh heh.  I love raising the hair on everyone's neck. Its so much fun!  Peeves
David Horowitz's  Liberal Network  page- I love "Ruth Bader Ginsburg" being on the same row as "Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman"  This is even better then the  other   two  ads the USA Next  wants to run  against the AARP
Hal's monument.  Hal's fricking TOMBSTONE, and yes, I know what happened to his body, and YES, I spoke to him earlier this year, but STILL.  BLAM.  I got a BLAM for the guy who did this.  Should've Cried that gun out of his hands in the hospital in the first place....
the war finalyl starts, and just when i'm ina  good mood, BAM!   shit fuckss up and pisses me off.  goddamn i hate where i am.    argfucjshitmotherfuckerdieihatemylifearg est
Okay  f  u  c  k  m  o  o  k  s , I know something is going on; the pigeons are flying the skies with impunity. What are you guys up to and don't even think about fobbing me off. &gt;:|   EDIT : Oh dear family, guess what? The Silmaril has gone missing and so has Maglor. It doesn't take an uncanonical rocket scientist to work out what's happened.  :(
*goes home in a right strop*   BATSHIT!  SHE'S GONE TOTALLY FUCKING BATSHIT!  *pours a drink*  *remembers  this exchange * &gt;:|   *hurls the wine bottle at the wall*
Short version.  I yelled at someone today for being stupid, he punched me, I reported it.  More details to follow later.
Casulties to date in Iraq:    American and Coalition:  10412  (The estimate more like 15,000)   Civilian:  15365-17582  (We're just not sure)
Interesting... my eyes turn a burgundy color when I cry...       I feel like a piece of shit stuck to someone's shoe... 3 people fucked me over seriously in 2 days.... screw that... I'm through
Michigan Preparing To Let Doctors Refuse To Treat Gays   Fucking hell.   Doctors are obligated to help everyone. Not just straight people. I don't know how these people live with themselves. It's like, "Oh yes, I want to help people but just as long as they're not gross and faggoty!"
Jeremy St. John - I've forgotten your AIM screenname, and you're never on IRC. So you need to post a comment here with your screenname, email me, or get on irc. Its nice to see you're still alive, btw.
The vacation was fun! I planned on writing a long, glowing review of all that happened since I last posted- but then-  The damm airline messed up, and my bag was lost!!! GAH!!!  So many important things were in there.   I also slept in- so I didn't go to school today, cause my mom was kind enough to let me stay home. Grrrrr.
Sirius Black is a bully.  He broke my fingers -  twice  - and then I got a week of detentions for it.  And he tried to beat up my brother.  And he's obsessed with Lily Evans.  But he cries like a girl when you knee him in the balls.
While my husband is on his tattoo adventure I'm sitting here mad because I won't know what he's getting, nor will I be there to see him in pain.  The bastard.
You know what, this is my livejournal and I'll write what I want in it...... so if you don't like it then don't read it!
My dad was in the school cause I got caught with weed, alcohol and a gun in my bookbag. I also got kicked off the bus the other day cause I was too stoned to ride it.
dammit S*P isn't working on my computer. roz it occured to me as i left that we coulda hung out anyways cause we no one was even going to kendal,. fuckaduck.
Feh. You are all emotionally stunted freaks for not responding to my last post. You'd better at least cry at my funeral, or I'll tell God to send down some heavenly whupass on you.  Oh, and I want this tombstone:
Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    Rap               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
PRIVATE   It will be a cold day in HELL before I apologize to that barmy COW in the tower. She all but accused those of us who attended the film with  Mr.  Professor Lupin of being a congregation of skanks who did not have the moral discretion to leave what was a film of an "adult" nature.  I do not appreciate being labeled as such....  Bitch  E
ok peple you know that i dont know who did this vj for praz but i didnt do it but i am trying to find who well  i ll jest keep trying
Grr...  Carl... Grr...  Sometimes i *really* hate pessimism. I think i composed my reply rather succinctly, considering the rage that was incurred with the original reply.  Grr.
the vacuum is the great satan.  i tried to destroy       la_biscuit    for this obvious attempt on my life, but i don't yet have enough mass to take her down.  i left some pretty good teethmarks on her ankles, though.
I don't believe it.  Now it's Iran.  Is this going to be the next Iraq/Vietnam?  I really object to his use of the word 'freedom'.  it seems to be synonymous with U.S. values/ greed/ empire building.  Only the American Nation really knows what Freedom is and the rest of the world ought to recognise this wisdom, or else-----
I think Dan Rather was only send to Iraq so that he gets killed.. good way for CBS to save the pension for creating more evidence for whoever runs for the republicans in 2008. Fake news stories take time to make..
I was gone for a *week* with the family, and I come home to see that hell's frozen over?  Oh, thanks.  Ryuichi-kun, you and I need to talk, and I will *drag* you over here if you don't comply.  Understand, hun?  It's important.  And Tatsuha?  Stop with the pornscapades.  *Now.*
OY, I am brassed off. Just overheard the biggest bunch of bollocks this side of the lake. Nasty bunch of Slytherins, up to no good like usual! Why am I not surprised?   Eh, I need to find Benjy. Explain later!   - DAVY -   PS: Save the Socks? What the-?
In Kentucky, if you write a fictional story about zombies overrunning a high school, you  go directly to jail . (Via  Hit and Run .)
You know, every time I hear 'Perfect' by  Simple Plan  I want to find an emo kid and punch him in the face.
I have nothing to say here...but if you could see the look on my face, you'd know exactly how I feel...
Just read this offensive article:   http://www.nysun.com/article/9516   Well, now I'm even more unimpressed with Columbia University--All this and they do their best to schedule exams on religious holidays, too. :-[  Bad Ivy League--no biscuit.
That owl.   What the bloody hell do I do about her? What do I do about Him? I never should have spoken to her... kissed her...    Shown her my mark!?  And I losing my fucking mind.    What am I becomming?   Fuck.
Goldstein, can your parents afford a funeral? If not you might want to remind your brother of  his place  before he requires one.
Insinuating that I was a...   Of all the utter classless, repulsive, insulting....   Stupid fucking bint! I never thought this assingment would be so much of a test. It shouldn't be this annoying to get into the trust of a stupid fucking GRYFFINDOR child.   I need to report to My Lord...
Curse it... now I can't feel either one of the tip of my thumbs. I fell of the cursed bike in the cursed dark blueness.    Great. Now I can't feel the heel of my right foot.  I shall twist my ankle tomorrow again  when we do the stupid fitness friday. Why do we have to do it anyways????!!!!!!!
http://www.thesmokinggun.com/archive/03 29051cat1.html   The bastard deserves more than the harassment in my opinion.
Maybe, just maybe, someone will actually stand up to The King of Perverts, and not get bought off this time.....slam the prison  door behind him, and Michael....watch your ass!!!
I feel so annoyed!  I am so going to kick       sunrise140    out of the house. They got totally drunk Saturday and barfed all over the carpet!  This entry automatically generated by the  LJ Drama Generator !
I destroyed my desktop computer last night in an effort to install a wireless network card. The connection kept cutting out so I decided to put back in the old wired card. Now my computer won't boot up properly. I'll take it as a sign that I need to update my operating system. *sigh* Really didn't want to lose all my data...
Fuckin hell. 5 new virus' released yesterday monday is going to be fucked I got 8 spam mails today (and i use a fucking sweet blacklist) can't people have better things to do on a friday night than release virus'??? I mean really, wtf go get pissed or something man.
Great party last night. Didn't get quite as trashed as Friday night, which is good. But was very nicely toasted all night long.  Nick just came in and pointed this link out:  http://www.themaxx.com/offensive/pages/p ic.php?id=37179&PHPSESSID=e76274c61b6adde95b4292968b37c5 fb   How fucked is that? Completely fucking rude. I'm no lawyer but isn't that called defamation? *shakes head a microsoft*
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) -- A man sentenced to just four months in prison for killing his wife, after a jury concluded he acted in a blind fury, drew a 15-year term for wounding her boyfriend.  And they wonder why we consider them insane.
Have you ever dug a skeleton out of your closet? I hate doing it.  I think I will put mine back in there.  Skeletons belong in closets.    Fuck liars who say they'll go out with you but don't. Fuck them in their fucking ears. I hope he dies alone.
Would somebody like to tell me why the "Razorblade Romance" CD has got a parental advisory sticker on it?   There's not anything horribly bad on it..."Gone with the Sin" is kinda suggestive but other than that, and "Razorblade Kiss"...  Is it because it talks about death? Jeez, this society is screwed up. Scared of anything that isn't mainstream.
AHHHHHHHHHHH GARBAGE IS PLAYING THIS WEEKEND....IN SAN FRANCISCO!!!  I'm pretty sure they're coming nowhere near Texas. Stupid Texas.  I can't believe Boone died last night on 'Lost'....HE WAS THE ONLY EYECANDY IN THE ENTIRE SHOW!!!! I'll still watch it though just cause it amuses me.  Hurray for half the school being gone for HOSA and orchestra  :-D
Today is a sad day.   One of my favorite show, "Call for Help", is over.  Today is the last day of this show, before the start of the new combined network, G4TechTV.  What a stupid decision.  They keep Robot Wars but kill Call for Help, a great show that I learned so much from!   Dammm!!!!!!!
Do they have any idea the problems they can cause through inattention when entering the data?  *Fume*
fuck amanda huckelbery shes a raving bitch and fuck fuck fuck her fuck her right up the ass i fucking love her      wellllllllll not anymore fuck her she is fucking stupidddddddddddd ahhhhhhh im not happy anymore fuck this shit   i wish i could meet a girl that would actually love me for real this fuckinmg sux   i dont know wish i had a fucking gilatine
Apparently lawmakers have enough of your money, and then some, because they don't seem to be very concerned about  waste that amounts to at least $100 billion annually .  Via       reason_hrm     That's 25% of the deficit right there.  So the next time someone claims we need higher taxes, tell them to take care of that $100 billion in waste first.
His.Her name is Faris. FARIS!!! I cannot allow that. If I ever get the power, I'm banning him/her. &gt;=O  Discuss.
It was about a high school over ran by zombies.    You really need to read this.    Student Arrested For Terroristic Threatening Says Incident A Misunderstanding    Apparently, the war on Idealogical Terrorism has begun.  Idealogical Terrorism, of course, being whatever bothers Bush and Authority.  (Brought to my attention by       wickedthought   .)
Well, I got LC's package. Guess what? They sent me the wrong thing. And they mislabelled the value, so I had to pay customs on something that cost $11. Bastards better refund that. And I know it's their mistake because  it says so on the reciept.  My morning is shot. LC, contact me ASAP, and let's tear them a new one?
This guy is lucky I don't know him.  Check this shit out:  http://www.dailyprincetonian.com/wednes day.html   I don't even want to cut and paste it. Read it for yourselves.
It has been just over two years since the war in Iraq started.  According to  www.iraqbodycount.net/  between 17.085 and 19,457 Iraqi civilians have been killed.
And *now* our phone is out. So no internet, no email and no phoning of people this weekend.    Frankly, I am getting pretty pissed off at having basic infrastructure constantly fall over.
they all think they're smarter than me and treat me like some kind of baby &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;i do have a brain &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;that i try to train so please don't treat me abysmally
does no one want to know the true me i'm mistreated abhorrently &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;my 'friends' brush me off &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;like some play by chekhov my true self they certainly don't see
This is a sketch I draw last night while my mother cried in the background - umm with Micron Pens. I find it harder to color my drawings than to draw them over with a mouse. I might just draw this one over because I don't have the patience to color it with photoshop, heh.
BACKGROUND INFORMATION:  This is the illustration I'm currently working on in Illustrator. She will have some buddies in the final piece.
&#1059;&#1088;&#1086;&#1085;&#1080;&#1083;&#1080; &#1074;&#1086;&#1076;&#1082;&#1091; &#1085;&#1072; &#1087;&#1086;&#1083;...&#160;  &#1054;&#1090;&#1086;&#1088;&#1074;&#1072;&#1083;&#1080; &#1052;&#1080;&#1096;&#1077; &#1088;&#1091;&#1082;&#1080;.
.........  im just so exhausted mentally.  if not to touch your soft warm skin, or see your smiling face, at least to hear your voice tonight would make this all ok.
mad, kinda like sad am i rite? or maybe i'm just mad about manbabies!!!11 el oh el (don't ask GB2GBS)    Mad.      Who exactly ARE you? (AnImE PiCs)     brought to you by  Quizilla
she couldnt have even read it all in 5 seconds. nothing is warmer than insult to injury. but what do i know. IM JUST A DAMN VICTIM ARENT I.
Fuck all of them housemates, fuck all of them! They are shitheaded, smallminded and full of bull! I hate 'em!  grgmbl!
*Comes into his son's office to find the poor defenceless paperwork has been terribly abused*  &gt;_&lt; Why do I bother? WHY DO I EVER BOTHER TO TRY AND HELP HIM OUT? He has NO RESPECT for filing and alphabetisation! That's not how I raised him!  *rants* *raves*  *tries to salvage the documents.   ;_;
*storms our after the  argument with his wife *  Why can't she accept that I have my own way of doing things? Why does she assume that her way is the only way to handle Pharazon? He's my son too, dammit all!   And I'm NOT adressing  the other thing . She's obsessed with  the other thing.  I'm sick of it.  *goes for a patented Crotchety Bastard Walk around town*
It's oh, so unfair, that the THIRD time I try to model that d*mn samba dancer's body, and it's the THIRD time I have to close maya without save because the software is messing with what I do. Why is it so mad at him? It's like with Algebra: I can spend hours and hours on it without get the slightest improvement. Poor me ç.ç
Soo... Apparently today is White Day in Japan... yeah, I'm not sure why I thought I had to mention this.  Been downloading a lot of trance music the past couple of days and once again I have no idea why...  There's a lovely little update into my life for you all.  &gt;__&gt;  I'M BORED!
I just saw some pictures for the upcoming Goblet of Fire movie.   So...to celebrate, I made this icon cause they haven't sacked Mr Monotone Expression yet.
First of all, thank you everyone for your very kind words.   I have good news and bad news.   Good news is       khalisdraygon    and me are still togethor. Apparently someone hacked his e-mail and sent me a very, very rude message.   Bad news is Keaton and me decided that we're not answering any more questions in e-mails about our relationship and things very personal about ourselves.
I have always detested Will & Grace.  I saw one episode and found it so stupid, annoying, meanspirited and stereotypical that it utterly pissed me off.  I just saw a commercial, and they are having James Earl Jones guest starring, and they are making him act like a self-mocking imbecile.  It's horrible when pathetic shows boost thier ratings by humiliating good actors.
piper (jordan's puppy) got out of her cage last night and got into the garbage.  it's all over the house.  i am SO far beyond unhappy.
if you are inside reading this and it is not dark yet...   SHAME ON YOU!!!!  it's much too nice to be on the computer.....  i am cause i have to look up crap for my %$^#%$#$@^@$^^ homework  otherwise i would be out there   so get off the computer and get your butt outside!!!
Whaddya know.....everything really does turn grey.        That which is to give off light, must first endure the burning.
Grr, Naruto got liscensed, I'm angry.  I mean, it's not  too  bad, I guess, since I can still download the subs from the places still subbing it and stuff, but it's just a habit of mine to get sad when something is liscensed.  In other news, the cafe food sucks this semester.  For the past few weeks, my dinner has been, mostly, either cereal or salad.  Oh well, healthy, I guess.
Im not feeling very good... very tired, very angry... *chitterchitterchitter*  I want to take my estate with me.  The loud lesbian mice neighbors get NOTHING!  And somebody PLEASE call the exterminator for the wild one running about.  He gets nothing either!       I suppose this will have to do as my last will and testament.    Remember, the mice get NOTHING!
HARD PUNCH. HURT PRETtY FACe. TINA FALLED DOWN. BORGO BR0KE CUTiE PIE'S LEG.  GBIG MESS. BORGO HURT EVERYOME.
What a fucking awful weekend.  I hate the way that everyone I know is trying to close every door to me. I wish that they'd just...I don't know, leave me alone or something.  Fuck going to lessons today, I'll tell you that much.
I love Jews, but I have little to NO patience for radical, obnoxious, ignorant, mouthly, opinionated, arrogant fuckfaces, who think they are the words of the Talmud......AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HHh  THEY MAKE ME SOOOOOOOOOOOOO MAD.......................
one tree hill made me VERY VERY ANGRY 2-night! i know it's just a TV show but i don't care i'm still angry.
One of our humans is out on OUR front porch  this very minute  feeding that random gray bitchy neko that wanders the neighborhood!  How dare he?? That is OUR foooooooood!
I did not need to wake up this morning to feelings of stress and despair.  How can I be that stressed out even before I'm properly conscious?  Wtf?  This is new.  Go to hell, monday...
now i am really angry on my studies. but i do not want to talk about it. i am back in depression mode and i am here only two days. i miss home. it's raining all the time and if it stops then the wind starts. this is the weather where your should lay in bed all time. one happy thing i may get new telephone with foto.
Sorry, I may be posting too much but . .  I have just eaten this sandwich: Sweetcorn and Tuna. Why did they feel the need to fill it full of spice? Why the need to fill everything full of spice? Whatever happened to unadulterated purity of food flavour? Unmixed? Untainted? PURE!!!!!!
im really stupid, and suffered because of it.     summertime = social distortion & the whitewalls in california.... and backstage with mike ness....     so i feel alot better now.
I hate my table in chemistry..  I have 1) some huge ass black chick who is fucking loud all the time and doesnt shut up.  2) some pentocastle chick who always blocks my view when we are taking notes, no matter where I move. and she hogs the whole damn table.  its so gay wow.  I think ill just stop at that.
fuck the jews at gamestop.  little fuckin nerd wont let me preorder the last copy because he wants it for himself.   I have to wait for it to ship on the 24th. :| probably in the afternoon. I just ordered a copy online from bestbuy.  I hope to god that was a good choice. because if they have shitloads stocked at walmart, frys or bestbuy I just fucking payed $8 extra for nothing and have to wait.
http://www.livejournal.com/userinfo.b ml?user=hitlersson&mode=full    Hey everyone who reads my journal,plz read his and complain,it's really quite despicable.
POS sheezy, wont let me log in and the password retreval is busted, way to go morons. Update the site and broke my account. I KNOW what my password should be but it ISNT working,
why do guys have to be such dicks!  one day they will be totally cool then the next... assholes! im so fucking frustrated!
Actually... My roommate didn't even call at 10 30... SHE CALLED AT 11 30! That is freaking impossible to judge on someone cause the movie should end at  1 30!!! CRAP!!
today sucked. nothing went right. i hate school. work was okay i guess. they gave me a $2 gift card thing. no bowling. i did homework instead. i'm totally going to fail my math exam tomorrow. i'm PMSing and i hate it. tomorrow should be hectic. but end nicely. blah fuckity fuck.
oh wow today was the first day gabe didnt look at me weird i was amazed! yeah i got inhouse because of ms boyce but i dont feel like expalaining it so if ur really despert ask me!   Amanda
Every single time I need something from my class sites to complete an assignment, the site goes down.  Every time.  This boggles my mind.
I have been looking at the screen for 20 mins trying to think of something to write.  It's not working.  I am so tired that I am having to retype every third word.  I am yawning so much my vision is blurry.  I just wanted to say foo foo doggy in the banana patch.  now I am off to bed
damnit! yousendit must die. Because of their assholeness I might have to shut down my music LJ because they decided to go psycho on music pirates. Fuck you, yousendit. Kiss my white ass.
Last week I posted a small excerpt from a patriotic gospel song, well little did I know Shayne would write several novels in response and people would get in such a big 'tiff'&nbsp;about it. And it was last weekend I saw Farhenit 911.
Some people can go fuck themselves. Pietro Maximoff and Lance Alvers in particular.  And Wanda? We should talk.
BASTARD.   He took my doll.  Fortunately, I made sure she'll always be able to find her way back.  Won't be long now.
I'm so sick of this shit.  Who has to die next?  No, not die.  Who's going to be murdered next?  We're just going to sit back and take it all?  Wait in line to die?  Whatever.  I'm going into the city this afternoon.
I hate people. By god they make me angry. Stupid people. ARRRRGH. My mother is going into a legal mess with ASF a shady mean company, and now I'm going at it with the gas company. Maybe I can just blow them to bits. Yes, that would be satisfying. Damn people
Your Superhero Persona  by   couplandesque        Your Name           Superhero Name    Boobaliscious      Super Power    Irresistable Sexuality      Enemy    Martha Stewart      Mode Of Transportation    Chevy Blazer      Weapon    Cheese Cutter               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
I just got injured by a 17 year old girl for something I didn't even do. You know what Sarah? Fuck you. I'd never do that, and you damn well know it. You fucking ask him. ASK HIM.
In that case, fuck it.  I'm moving into my place tonight and I don't care if I have to sleep on the fucking floor. Anywhere but what I so laughingly call  home .
I can't fucking believe so many stupid fucking voters voted for Bush.  Fuck Bush.  And I can't wait to say "I told you so."
I do not have anger management issues. I express it QUITE clearly.  Whoever thought it was funny to have me signed up for these is going to feel the brunt of it...  Niou said it wasn't him, and I believe him. It's too cunning to be Marui, and Sanada isn't that subtle. Yanagi? I don't think so....  Dammit, I'm going to be HURTING someone soon...
WHY IN THE NAME OF GOD SHOULD "MADAM"  MEAN WHAT THIS FOLLOWING LINK SAYS IS BEYOND ME!!!    check out the 5th entry...    &lt; Update &gt; and why doesnt "sir" have another meaning which says "pimp"?? &lt; /Update &gt;
I went to the dentist to get my #2 tooth extracted. They couldn't because it is sitting in a pecular place, too close to my sinus'. SO I get to make an appointment for an Oral Surgeon. I have no dental OR medical insurance mind you. In an hour I get to go argue with my doctor. He won't give me a Paxil CR script b.c. they no longer make it. And Prozac has stopped working for me. Bastids!!!!!!!!
pantera's lead guitarist dimebag darrell was shot on december 9th by a crazy fan who believed they stole his lyrics. i just cant understand why these retards have to put themselves in the spotlight instead of just enjoying divine music. this surely is the end of metal. why not the backstreetboys u fuck
i really dont know who this is..but e person leave me a comment and this two times with two different names! sorry, i believe in nothing..so thats why I think for some reason I have to put the updates to privacy..I dont think that a lot ppl read my journal..and which they do they are in my friends list..so they can read my journal..
Fa-Bre-na; Fabrina not too hard to pronounce right? tell that to my mum she contstantly gets it wrong and its fuckin annoying!!!
I think they should not have taken out Terri's feeding tube!That was the stupidest thing they have ever done!!!!She died Today I think....I have no idea what they were thinking!GRR!
School sucks so bad!!!I want to move back to my hometown!We had to move cuz my mom got a new job that paid more. I hate this place.It's like a hole that we have all fallen into here in this town.Everyone makes fun of me!Everyone thinks i'm stupid for dying my hair ALL the time!I've only dyed it twice,IF MY MOM WOULD LET ME DYE IT BLACK I WOULD STOP DYING MY HAIR!G2G bye!
FUCK .. ME!  I've got a damn P.E lecture tomorrow at fucking Noon.  What fucking horse shit.  I've gotta try and cross my fingers that I can get Brittany to take me or I've gotta start walking at around 11:20 a.m.  Jesus Fuck Me Christ on a Pogo Stick...
Oh I just &lt;3 today.  While trying to turn in that retarded Health exam, I ended up getting stuck here at the College because Brittany ran late.  So, here I sit at Southern for the next 3 - 4 hours with A.) Nothing to do  B.) a fucking fever.    I feel like throwing up now.  Bleh.
http://www.liquid2k.com/eomer/tattoos.h tm   Thank you for visiting the Brand!  You now have ''Tom Bomba-Who?'' tattooed on your left shin.   Fucking stupid... ::continues muttering::
I got a serial cable from a colleague, so installing Debian on my new Sun Ultra5 was possible. No problems till now, just runs fine.  Played around with apt-ftparchive again, and I again decided to *HATE* it. Hell, why isn't there an easy way to create a packages file for a specific architecture from a pool with binary packages for more than one architecture?
To be honest, I'd expected it and 15 minutes before the end of shift it came.&nbsp; Looks like I'm back to the drawing board as regards work again!  Rob
Okay, so spam mail went through this period for me of using REAL NAMES and putting in like 're:' or 'hello' for titles, so I'd go 'OH LOOK A FAN' and open them.  But, I mean, I got one from 'Gale....Ramsey' today. It's like they're not even trying. 'Gale.. uhm.. Ramsay. Yes, Ramsay.' It makes me sad that they're not jumping through hoops to get me to buy viagra any more.
My very British name is  Margaret Chamberlain .  Take The Very British Name Generator today!   Created with  Rum and Monkey 's  Name Generator Generator .
What in your life are you most dissatisfied with?     Seishirou’s death.  If I could see him now, I think I’d say “How dare you go and die and use me for this?” Yes, I know it’s ridiculous, but that’s how I feel.
I have never been so insulted in all my life. I could swallow the seas to wash down all this pride. First you run like a fool just to be at my side. And now you run like a fool, but you just run to hide, and I can&#8217;t abide.  -fiona apple- sleep to dream-
In a nutshell for you AOL AIM/AOL users (including any 3rd party clients that use AOL AIM servers for talking to people on AIM), its time to  boycott !   http://yro.slashdot.org/yro/05/03/11/23 59226.shtml?tid=120&tid=158&tid=17
I hate one of my roommates much more than the others. He screams all the time. I wish he would just be quiet. I think it's because he's an actor, so I guess I have to accept it. Yes... whatever.
How Is Your Star Wars Sex Life? by   bisleysgirl        lj username           Your Sex Life:                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !
Right. Computer is being an Arse (with a capital A). Yes, I can access the internet to my heart's content-when the bloody thing stops restarting itself! Six or seven times it's done it today, and it was only by stopping it shut "AXWIN frame window" that I've got it to work. Does anyone know what this is and how I can get it to stop mucking me about? Being a Luddite seems *really* appealing now!
F uck sadness and fools Fuck swallowing anger being caged fear and the thousand cuts of black tongues  Fuck not being who I am .   ///     "The only thing I'll ever ask of you you've got to promise not to stop when I say when." - Everlong, Foo Fighters
I really can't stand Bengali people. And I am one. I can't. Oh I mean, "so-called Bengali people." Those people. FUCK YOU ALL!!!
...  I do not like my green cat here, I do not like him there, I do not like him anywhere.          I do not like green cats for Han I do not; I’m not a fan.  Would I like my kitten BLACK? Would I like him in a sack? I WOULD like my kitten black; GREEN, I'd rather he's in a sack.  Someone will pay.   ...mark what I say.
I saw a church with a sign today that said "I'm keeping a list, but I'm not checking it twice.  --God."  WRONG!  I do keep a list, but I check it constantly.  Just because you might be getting into Heaven today doesn't mean you can't screw up!  Likewise, even the damned can be forgiven.  That church is not a church that worships me.
Okay; that is it.  I am not going to leave the house until I hear from Edinburgh- I'm not.  Even if that means I am a sad, friendless recluse.  I have been waiting since October 15th and it just isn't funny anymore.
Wow I really fucking hate counting inventory.  I found that out today, cause no matter how many times you fucking count it its always different.  This is the one thing that is stressing me out so much, oh yeah this year is such a great year now isnt it? (big sarcasm in that sentence).  So far I have hated this year since it started.  Go fucking 2005!
I hate being awake. I hate thinking too much. I hate boys. I hate boys who like pretty girls. I hate not being a pretty girl. I hate wishing to be a pretty girl. I hate pretty girls.     I will rule. I fuckin will.
because everytime i look at this it makes me sick. because i'm reaching 90 lbs. because my whole family knows. because i'm sloppy. because i don't care.
GOD DAmN etHERNET&nbsp; the damn Adapter keep droping the     damn   connection AHHHHHHHHHHHH.&nbsp; While i was typing this it drop  3x .   (5x)&nbsp;
;_;   This is not good. All right,  you , your time is up. Just wait 'til I find you, bitch. -grabs his sword and goes madwoman hunting-
More evidence that we should give the South away...   So now we can't even get movies that talk about evolution to get shown in the South.  No wonder the south is full of uneducated idiots, they refuse to try to learn anything but biblical funDUMBentalism.
Finally, someone calls Bush on his hypocrisy   I think that Jon Stewart put it quite well yesterday on the Daily Show.  "In fairness to Bush, the Texas law made inability to pay an issue to support"  this was followed by Jon screaming randomly for a few minutes.  I want to see how Bush explains this.  Maybe now people will see him for what he is, an evil opportunist.
Gold mine for identity thieves.   It's good to know this company keeps records of everyone and gives it out to almost anyone.  Big Brother is watching...and of course sending your information to Nigerians...
AUSTRALIA POST ARE A BUNCH OF FUCKING HORRIBLE PRICK'S AND DESERVE TO HAVE EVERY LETTER IN THE WORLD SHOVED UP THIER COLLECTIVE ASSES!!!
You take my $50 Mp3 player and $30 dollar plam pilot but don't take the $300 Radio scanner. What are you retarded? Two things you fuckers need to know I will find you and you have to sleep sometime.
All I know is that there's somebody I no longer want in my life and I know who my true friends are. For those of you not involved, be glad you're not. For those of you who are, you know what I'm talking about.
Felos also said that the chief medical examiner for Pinellas County, Dr. John Thogmartin, had agreed to perform an autopsy on Schiavo. He said that her husband wants proof of the extent of her brain damage.    GEE, MAYBE HE SHOULD HAVE THAT BEFORE HE KILLS HER????  EDIT:  As it turns out, Flordia State law requires an autopsy if the deceased is to be cremated.  Schiavo isn't "allowing" anything.
They have just begun to kill off seals in canadas biggest cull.  Its so sad.            http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americ as/4392217.stm
Now this just sucks...the roommate that is in charge of the power bill failed to pay or something because right now my apartment can only use so much power at once otherwise the speical breaker will trip and there will not be power!  We will see what happens....BLAH!  On the up side, a friend and I are going out to see what trouble we can get into.  Heh heh!
i almost had a sega genesis, yes a sega genesis, for $5!! all i need is the rf unit to connect to the tv, but i was so close. then someone outbid me in the last minute, and i lost. damn. so now i had to spend like $8 just for the unit. grrrr.....
Uggghhh, its like 2:40 in the morning and the damn neibors (a bunch of moronic college kids) are blasting it way way way too high, theyve been doing that a lot latly, im so peeved.
today i thought about what ppl have said to me for the last 10 20 years .... advice, from the heart, orders, suggestions etc.... i took all that and threw it out the window.  moped for a week now.  i think if i says it, i dones with it.  fuck hope.  theres just suffering.  theres good suffering and bad suffering.
It's apparently 'Annoy Kris' week! I'll be very glad when this blasted week is over, and when I can finally leave this psycho infested station with the colleages from hell!
I  hate  Smart Tag and I  hate  EZ Pass! And I might have to go to LA this weekend.  Bah.  And I  hate  Tom Brady. Fucker.
What the hell is this world coming to? Why does there have to be one thing that fucks it and for no real reason to? Why can't be get along and be happy? There always has to be ONE person that wants to fuck up everything. I hate it all. All bad people should die.
My computer is doing that restart bullshit again so I CANT USE IT ONCE AGAIN. I have literally NO money to put towards a new computer or memory for that matter because i'm leaving on thursday and need money on me. SOMEONE DONATE MONEY TO THE SAVE BRIDGETS COMP FUND??? please :(
AH MOTHERUCKING COCKSUCKING BASKETCASE SHITHOLE COCKSLAPPERS!    Note to all: ELEKTRONYMPH aka BRIDGET HATES APRIL FOOLS DAY!     RAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
So Fozzies jackass friend who was supposed to be his best man told him today that he can't come to Vegas!!!!!!!!!
Grrrrrrrrrrrr. I am not a happy camper. What they neglected to tell us when we were doing the shift bid is that we'd be taking blue calls all day on sundays.  Fuck.
What is with those idiots there!? I mean..I go in to talk to a couple board people..I instantly get renamed Dumbass83525 WHATEVER by Zemus's stupid thing. Setzer's annoying as hell, I don't have time to put up with him.   Everyone just talks about cars and computers there anyway..I don't think I'm going back to it.
Liger (Please rate my quiz)      Which Napoleon Dynamite character are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
If Mr. Bush were to say in plain English that his plan to solve our fiscal problems is to borrow trillions, put the money into stocks and hope for the best, everyone would denounce that plan as the height of irresponsibility .  SO DENOUNCE IT, ALREADY!
I seriously just wrote the longest journal entry of my life and when I clicked the little update button...zap...nothing.  I am so pissed right now.  I am way too tired to do this again.  Maybe I will have more energy tomorrow..haha, that is funny.
I thought I'd never see the day. Kevin Myers admits to everybody that he's a ranting idiot who should be ignored. Most of us already knew this. However, it sure is nice to see him spend 30 column inches explaining it in person.   Irish times link   My only worry is that he'll end up damaging the reputation of what is our only decent daily newspaper.
Bloody hellfire, how the hell did things get this messed up so quickly? There are going to be a lot of empty rooms in the Guild by the end of the week. I'm not having useless dead weight like that jeopardising Assassins who are actually  useful .   I'm going to be rather busy  frightening people  for a while, so if I'm not on the PC much, that's why.
Well, i'm almost done. I can almost run screaming from school and the city. I'm not to the point where I hate EVERYONE here, but i'm on the way. I started the semester strolling to school in the sun, smiles and OAR on the MP3 player. I came down today on the train, in the cold, listening to converge. The semester needs to be over. The anti-social button has officially clicked back in.
Screw you Microsoft and your drug dealer methodology!!!!!! Went to get an X-Box today and found out that MicroShit hasnt made any in about a month &gt;.&lt; And in about 2 weeks there is going to be the biggest X-Box game release of all time. And I finally have a game to buy that i want(read: need) to play. Fable. So you can go to hell Bill Gates. You can go to hell and you die!
Yes, that's right. This is my last public post. You all can thank my nosey ass brother for the future inconveinence of having to log in to see my life.  I have gone back and made all previous posts friends-only, with the exception of my very first.  If any new people to live journal want to be added, leave a comment.
Clark's newest fad:  Screaming (not crying, not yelling, but SCREAMING LIKE SOMEONE IS STABBING HIM TO DEATH) all the time.  It's way fun.  Just ask his parents.  Oh wait, they've put their heads through the walls from frustration and to save their bleeding ears.  The end.  I think I will go whimper in the corner now.   -D
Well, as usual, this fucking sucks.  My parents /never/ understand that I don't want to be dragged away from the one I love.  Every time tonight that I left, she came on, and when I came back, she was gone.  What a shitty, shitty night.  And day, since her ISP was dead for most of it.  Grah.  I hate having overly social parents. &gt;_
Clearly intruding in one family's business is far more important than the millions of people suffering in Iraq.  I FFing hate Bush!
I never believed he'd do what he did.  And to Pansy at that.  If it weren't for her, I'd probably have killed him, or died trying.  Though, come to think of it, I probably kept her from doing the same.  Damn him, damn him, damn him.
my needs my wants i hate them all they all twist up and get in the way of me being in controll fuck you mind
Fuck mom! And Fuck Dad! If he was home mom wouldnt be acting like such a fucking ideot &gt;:(  Now I'm in a bad mood.  Grr...well...today I cleaned my room and changed it all around. I think it looks alot better, less cludderd. But I fucking hate how wood floors get so much fricken dust on them T-T  God, I bored...
Oh my Allah! I wanted to go to Las Vegas to do some gambling and seats are $750 a piece! Damn you to total damnation Continental Airlines! That is it. I am hijacking a flight and if you give me those little packages of peanuts instead of the blueberry cobbler you shall suffer severe consequences. No one messes with de Ayatollah!
I know what you're thinking, "you're a computer tech, get over it", but you tell me how you feel when your computer EATS your PROFILE... all your settings are gone and you still have to get your work done!  Oh, sorry, even your email doesn't work!  I hate computers!  Maybe I have forgotten to sacrifice a goat to Mr. Gates!  That's it... where is that stupid goat!
Artest just does not belong in the NBA, that's the end of it. Go focus on your lame ass music, asshole.  Also, where is Jay-P? :/
Happy Easter...  If you see it as such.  I'm spending today alone, angry, and lonely.  I got to spend time pooper scooping the yard for a winters worth of dog shit.  Oh what a joyous day.   Yay.  *goes and sulks in her room*
Pull the plug on pandering   Molly Ivins says it so much better than I could.  That's why she gets paid the big bucks.
Dear Covil,   You can stop making jokes about Lina and I in class. it's really fucking annoying and just pisses me off.  I know you know that is pisses me off, so just stop.   Matt
Covil is pissing me off.  I'm sick of going into class every day, and then being teased about a relationship with my ex, who is also in the class.
Edit : Me and Matt went to Barnes and Noble and just so happened to meet Christine Emilyn and Josh there?!?!? It was fun. I saw Steve-o for like two second. I really really hate seeing people that I used to be close with. I hate it so much. Gaaaag. Oh well. It happens. Tonight was fun, it was really what I needed. Just what the doctor ordered?!?!?
i am very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very angry at my mummy right now.  we are not on speaking terms.
A federal judge said local governments can limit children's access to violent or sexually explicit video games, saying games are not constitutionally protected forms of speech.   Uh huh ...
yeah I very pissed off with them... today they've cut Yugioh!'s episode because an episode can't finish with a character who's talking!  it's impossible! I'm very,very angry...
no,no,no! my guys (Italian team)had lost with Serbia! 72-74! but I'm not angry for the score: Italian team had played very well (and with a big heart!!!!!) and Serbia too, but the arbitrage has been scandalous!
I've been hinting at it in a past post, but I figure I'll just put it out in the open now.  I have broken up with Jon.  I'm sick of fighting and I don't like being tied to someone that I hardly know.  Thank you and good bye.  Alyssa  P.S. You guys can begin your yelling and stuff...I know you're pissed
ugh.    They canceled the Lettermen Softball game. I was totally prepared with drinks and food...and such.   heartloveheart, -Dot
i dont really give a shit if he sees this, its a warning you fuckin prick im gonna beat your face in.
Everything is wrong.  I want to play with Willow.  Where the hell is she?  What happened to the Bronze?  And where's the Master?
if you are a guest in the house i live in, please do keep in mind to be curtious to those around you.  it is appreciated by everyone.  and by everyone, i mean EVERYONE.  definition of a GUEST -someone who does NOT pay to live in this house.  thanks.
" I feel like the maid; "I just cleaned up this mess! Can we keep it clean for... for ten minutes!" - Bob Parr aka Mr. Incredible.   yeah, that about sums up how i feel about when i clean.
I was cleaning out Evan's closet last night and totally lost track of time... I missed Survivor AND Friends... does anyone have a good review of Friends to share with me?????
nothing exciting has been happening... its only monday. i cant wait for the weekend i hope it goes well. im going to san antonio with alex to see spencer and troy! i hope everyones days are better than mine.
Je suis très fâchée.   http://www.toyotaatlantic.com/News.a sp?ID=795   Going to work on my room soon. After I'm going to start my French assignment.  ~Nicole
Does anyone know of it is legal to give me a disciplinary over me turning up to work "late", when late is considered to be after 8am, when I do not actually start being paid until 9am, and I am always there in enough time to forfill my duties as necessary before the shop opens.
Due to the fact that LJ-Drama is slowly killing me. You will not be seeing me post anything for awhile.   You can't understand what a person is going through unless you are them.   Think of this as a Vacation.
Warning behind the cut is my first Rant of 2005. It is not a gentle rant and posibly should be avovided. All statemtes contained with the Rant where done whilst under the influence of sevear anger and therefore are not admittable as evedence in
i hate not being able to buy new things when old things break.&nbsp; especially when they are old things that you come to rely on.&nbsp; case in point, my amp finally died.&nbsp; that means no music, sound, etc from games movies and such.&nbsp; that sucks.&nbsp; guess it lasted longer than i should have expected it, buying it for $13 at goodwill and all.
BEFORE ANYONE ELSE ASKS ABOUT MY FIC:  1]The hairbrushing came out of nowhere, and I feel sick looking at it. 2] Please, unless you just ate a whole lotta salt, do yourself a favor and don't read my fic.
Well today really, really, really sucked.. had to listen to my dad list every bad thing about me and how he's utterly dissipointed in me, then had to pay money for bills and now am tottaly and utterly broke.. then my soundcard broke.. *sighs* I hate life somtimes x.x
The Ontario Equestrian Federation has started a letter-writing campaign to protest the MPAC's decision to re-zone horse properties from agricultural to commercial - the difference is 0.3% tax vs. 4%.   This is a personal thing for me, as my family is getting ready to start a boarding stable, but we can't afford it with the higher tax rate.   Info about the letter-writing campaign is  here .
what do you think it means if getting up in the morning makes me feel violently aggressively angry. like i want to scream and thrown things so that at least if i have to be awake, the rest of the world does too.  does it mean that i hate my job? does it mean that i have mental problems?
$236.50 poorer  AND I had to spend all morning dealing with assholes.  AND I had to make my parents miss work becase they wouldn't give me the car since it's in my moms name and not mine.
GAH!! I'm such a retard....My credit card bill was due yesterday and I compleatly forgot, so I paid it today and of course I couldn't sneak away from the $35 late fee...grrrrrrrrr.....
so I came home today to discover that some of the Babysitting kids had erased all 3 of my saved files on Wind Waker... ... I had well over 60 hours of game play in there...  This after they had been told not to touch the Game Cube... this after I had pushed it into the back of the entertainment center out of their normal reach... and THIS after I had removed the memory card.  The little bastards
I was watching All My Children and there was 10 minutes left and this special report came on about Bush. Why couldn't they wait until 2 to show this. God I hate that shit. I hate Bush and I really wish Kerry won but,what can you do. Guess I will go get ready to go to lunch with Shaun because, I know this special report crap won't get over anytime soon. Bye.
Ok, so now that I think about it that Simpsons episode did have a lot of sexual content and it was kind of adult. So I take back some of my anger. My anger at bigots is still there.
I hate you all.&nbsp; I would rather face Riku in a Mortal Kombat fight than stay here.&nbsp; I never thought I would ever say this in all my life because it's wrong but it deserves being said:  Screw you guys.
Hoooo boy, am I lucky.  600 people's Athena user accounts got hacked and their passwords were emailed to several security/admin-related mailing lists. Out of like the thousands and thousands of MIT (probably like 10k or so). Guess who made the cut?  Frack. I that was one of my favorite passwords, too. I use it all over the place. FRACK. DAMMIT.
Warrrk squeak wark warrble -  Squawk and Milou , wark friends wark wark wark. San Francisco wark wark wark - WARK WARK any more!!  Wark wark blah. Hairless warking apes, anyhow. Wark sqauawk ::flap:: - parents wark wark, egg wark  forty-two  warks. Wark  wark,  Pat Robertson!  Grrrrrr. Wark warrrk warrrrble, political radical. Wark.
Im really close to leaving exxon. Details later after I rest...  Random Thought - All this time I was looking for a job and I ran into this &gt;_
I should go to the Military and earn money. After I die somewhere in Iraq or where ever the troops are, send money to the ones who need it. Then die out somewhere in the middle of nowhere and be happy just because I actually did someting with my life....dead serious about joining the military.  Random Thought - Will give the reasons later for this post.
today i just lost my job........why becuse i took 9 days off sick becuse of unforseen sercumstances..............now i have to find another
does anyone know were one could have a fire (during fire season) big enough to burn a bridal gown and various other sentimental wedding items?
I FEEL FUCKING SHITE! i'm sure the doom will go,but right now life is crap. i've failed at the one thing that matters to me.
So, according to Andrew...  Just because there's people dying in Canada (There's ALWAYS PEOPLE DYING CANADA, AS WELL AS THE REST OF THE WORLD, BY THE WAY), we SHOULDN'T give money to the tsunami victems, and instead we should be selfish and keep it all to ourselves.  Andrew, move to the states. That's where your attitude belongs.
Fucking ghetto-wannabe kid just threw a rock at my window and broke it, hysterically cries the "it was an accident" blues to my mom, offers to pay $20 for a $250 window, then leaves. Says she was "just throwing rocks at her friends," ...and from her location in the street she managed to hit my window?!
exactly what it says on the tin. Until you can forceably remove yourself from friends lists that's the way it'll stay.   It's due to one person, yes. This person is always having a go at me subtly in her posts at siren. they damn well know who they are.
WEll whats going on, i think its been since saturday that i've posted last... so i guess i should have a lot to talk about, but being in my sad depressive state of life mind and world, i dont.  its go to school, come home from school, do homework, go to work, that sort of thing you know.  Well, i'm going to go to work now, so i will hitcha back.                                      ??
WOW. A lot of interesting stuff was just revealed.  WOW.  How can some people act like that and have no remorse?  I am angry.  Very.  That was rude and mean and  you are doing it yet again?  Swell job, you are going to end up wonderful.
I was nodding off in the living room when I spoted a cricket! I pawed at him until that female came along and scooped him up and set him free outside. GRRRRRR.  1. I wanted to play with my prey!  2. How come he gets to go outside and not me, vicious hunter kitty? I belong out there too!
I've been a REALLY bad driver lately.&nbsp; Not only did I almost crash head-on with a truck yesterday, but I almost hit the garage today because I wasn't thinking and backed out turning in the wrong direction.&nbsp; Shit...&nbsp; I suck!
so i was walking the dog, Scarlet, in the garden district today.  one dog ran up, managed to get its muzzle through the fence, and caught scar's nose. i really could have hurt that dog, alot.  scar is 12, and a sweet, sweet dobie.  she doesnt need that shit. she'll heal okay, but still.  i have my dog's blood on my shorts.
God, I hate Wal-Mart. If they ever buy out Best Buy, Toys 'R' Us, Borders/Borders Express, and Suncoast, I will personally set fire to every Wal-Mart in the country. &gt;:(
It offends me that the shoe and jewelry habits of some rich woman somewhere are deemed more valuable than nearly 40 years of work and dedication that my mother has put into her job.
man it sucks when u have viruses! i got a virus on my comp and it messed up my weekend! i have problems getting on the internet...hope it will get fix soon...i think it may have came from the virus! anyways i am on a relative's computer...because i can't check my email at home obviously and it is getting too full!  oh and did anyone see ashlee simpson mess up on snl?
This is going to be the week from hell for me.  I have a paper due for INS (FUCK YOU WHO THINK ITS A BULLSHIT MAJOR YOU FAGGOTS!!!!) and then I have to do GREEK WEEK SHIT ALL WEEK!!! LAWDY FUCKING DAH!!!  This was the week that fucked up my academics last year, lets see if it keeps its promise!  So yeah I'm getting ready to go to class, more updates later I'm sure.
Just because a person posts something in their LIVE JOURNAL does not make it TRUE  Beware the peddlars of disinformations and hurt.
Jenna wishes they were all playing Scrabble, and imagines the score she'd get for:        Pholph's Scrabble Generator                                                                                               My Scrabble© Score is: 128.  What is your score? Get it here.
I want to record  Americal Idol ,  24  and  Smallville  while I'm at Redemption. Only I can't, because they're on three different cable channels, the first doesn't start until tomorrow night, and bloody Telewest's poxy software doesn't allow you to programme a channel-change more than 24 hours into the future. I mean, it's only something that VCRs have had for three bleedin' decades...
If someone stares and drools at my former wife, I'll do what I must to fucking make sure they get what's coming to them.  I still love her! She still loves me! There are other problems we face.   Don't move in on her or else, I'll fucking beat you to a mother fucking bloody pulp.
Ah, finally new art! :D I made it quite fast as always. Next time I promise, I'll draw a more time consuming picture. Hehe.       Hm, again no background...
To all the sad-ashamed-angry american democrats, independants and bush haters: I'll see you here in Canada. I welcome you. ;)  i just can't believe 'the all powerfull' United States fucked it up again.  as of now i won't say anymore. you all know how i feel. i've said it a million times before....    *screams*
I take the last of my antibiotics yesterday, and then today I'm starting to get a soar throat! NO, NO, NO! This is not acceptable! I disallow it! I quit! This is a travesty, a sham and a mockery! It's a traveshamockery!  Poopie. I have to go to work.
My job has been so fucktardedly annoying the past two days. To all of you people who don't do a damned thing over the holidays and then call my ass up to bitch about stuff you couldn't bother to check on before Thanksgiving - you can bite me.
Wow. there is an insanly gay fhight going on at one of my favorite sites. Stupid fans going to anti sites just to piss other anti's off. That's sooooooo retarded, then bashing at the webmiss. everyone say w00t for maturity!!! I've tried to be nive anc ask them to leave, but no. Doesn't work. I'm wasting my time. *sigh* off to diving practice..........just had to vent  *LiLLy*BeLL*
I HATE YOU I.TUNES, YOU AND YOUR LITTLE DOG TOO!!!!!   *HATES HATES HATES*   have successfully fucked up my downloady thing
RONALD BILIUS WEASLEY!!!!!       Transfiguring you into a skrewt    sounds like a rather good idea right now!!!
*Magically Charmed to be read ONLY by HARRY JAMES POTTER!!!!!*   I'd like to speak to you at your earliest convenience.  Preferably  NOW.   I'm in the common room.
I seriously can't believe this.   http://www.lex18.com/global/story.a sp?s=2989614&ClientType=Printable   What crap is that, eh? Ugh, it makes me very angry.
Well, that's wonderful guys. You've found Saddam. Now, how about you go and find some Weapons of Mass Destruction that you claimed existed in the country, huh? I'm not happy about spending $87B(plus whatever lead up to it, all unaccountable to our representation) to find one man - that is fucking stupid, and doesn't make us any safer.
Mira Black died.  She was in my house and my year. We had classes together.  This is very different from when Mabon Jones got pneumonia last year. He died too, but that was sick. This is because she was murdered.  I hate it!!!
Got up at 3:50am as usual today. Got dressed for work, fixed my lunch, checked email, just the normal routine. I walk out on my deck, cooler in hand, and find that the neighbor's dog has come calling. Once again I find my trash all over the place. Looks like I have plans for this afternoon.  Nice way to start the day, huh?
Damn that murderous wench! I trailed Kagura's scent all the way back to Kagomes well. Looks Like Ill be going back through. I swear im going to Find her. Mays well visit Kagome while Im at it. *hops through well*
*is being  screeched at. *  *is confused, annoyed and, well, rather squicked.*  Izre! What the hell are you talking about?! I haven't had anything up...WHERE ARE YOU GETTING THIS FROM!?
So far, I've got  about  1.7/10 of the $300 needed to purchase a PSP.  I NEED TO BE ABLE TO HAVE THREE JOBS  Oh and, I'm selling some crap here on LiveJournal. And no discounts or free suff cos' you're my friends, okay? CAUSE I NEED THE MONEY!       pr3_0wn3d
GOD DAMN IT      I hate feeling crappy and sick and tired and bored and lazy and uninspired to make art or music or anything.  And I hate feeling like I have nowhere to go.   I want to  pppppparrr-tay.   I want to go freaking  CD shopping.    I want to buy some clothes.  I want to go out and have a  banging time  with my friends.
*thumps head against wall repeatedly*  Why does a day that started so good have to go so bad.  I just had an arguement with shannon that put me in a Bad Fucking mood.  No, I don't want to Share.  Good night.
Dear two of my friends (you know who you are), thanks for inviting me to smoke with you tonight. oh wait, you didnt. you suck, dumbass (hint hint).
It's stories like this that make you wonder about the future of the human race.   http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=s tory&cid=516&e=1&u=/ap/tsunami_rape
Greetings  --  Here is your horoscope for Sunday, July 18:  It's as if someone in a position of authority is shaking their finger at you, saying, 'No, no, no!' It's awful -- mostly because you're usually the shaker, not the shakee.   Oh gods, yes.  This is it.  More later; making supper.
I slept way too much last night.  I was tired, so I went to bed at about 8PM.  Woke up at midnight, 6AM, and 8AM.  Stayed in bed until almost noon, because I was having a really, REALLY good dream.  Now I can't remember it.  &gt;_&lt;  So yeah, whatever.  I think I'm going to go try to write a little.
My Economics teacher is an ass. He wont give me an extend on my project (which was due today) even though I brought in the disk that had all of my work on it and showed him that I couldn't open the file. Grrrrrrr!
I'm gonna kill the dumb fucker that stole my wallet. Seriously dude, not cool, not cool at all. Hope you have fun with my money.
well i got the job am absolutely loving it, its been mad and hectic but its great the time is flying so quickly and im loving every bit of it!
Just so EVERYONE can know: My dad is a fucktard. He's done many, many horrible things and frankly I am glad he's gone.   My dad is remarrying. No suprize here. But at this moment I am pondering when the rest of MY family was going to inform Me and my Mother about this.   And of course, there's nothing I can do about fucking anything.       Except ruin a wedding. I need revenge, who's with me?
Regardless of the community, online or otherwise, there is at least one constant. If it involves humans, there will be politics, there will be melodrama, and there will be all the silly, worthless shit that accompanies both.  It makes the concept of the Internet being a place to escape a lot less appealing, and a lot less viable.  How fucking tiresome.
FIRE ALARM 18 AND MY MINIMAL PATIENCE IS GONE. 18 IN ONE YEAR PEOPLE?????????????????????????LEARN TO MAKE POPCORN AND OPEN YOU WINDOW WHEN YOU SMOKE!
HUAAAAA !!! NILAI KEPRIB GUE GA KLUAR !!!!     gila, mana ga lengkapnya gara2 nilai kelompok lagi ! padahal yang ngerjain makalah kelompok, yang mikir itu gue.... sebel benerrr.... yah, gue blom melihat sendiri sih daftar nilainya.. jadi gue terpaksa cabut setengah hari..  mungkin gara2 2 minggu yang lalu gue cabut izinnya pake boong... padahal ga seluruhnya boong.... sebel !
fuck you Bush! spend money on a national healthcare system  and not your fucking war motherfucker!!!!  GAaaaaaaH!  (&lt; &gt;)  Mainly because I'm on meds and am not  profitable in their view.  FUck Fuck fuck, I'm so angry!!!!  **cross-posted in my AIM away message
I went to update and the lj deleted everything.  It was a damn good post too.  So, here's the quote of the day, since I've procrastinated enough as is.  Quote of the day: "Ev’ry place I go, I’ll think of you.  Ev’ry song I sing, I’ll sing for you." - "Leavin' On a Jet Plane" by John Denver.  Have fun in Europe everybody, and bring back some cute European men while you're at it! ; ^ )
I hate teaching media.  Hate hate hate it.  I don't know anything about the subject, I'm overwhelmed by the FOUR wildly different subjects I'm teaching, and the kids don't give a CRAP about the work I'm trying to get them to do.    ARGH.  Ten more weeks until, oh, right, I can go off and do MORE STRESSFUL STUFF ALL SUMMER.  Fuck it.  I'm just going to sit on my ASS for two months.
Hmm... interesting score.  And if you can't imagine  why  my score is what it is, well, just ask me.  I may even tell you.    If I think you can handle it. :)
That's right, Tumbak ( http://tumbak.preempted.net/ ) invited me into the jihad club based on my love for fafalel and hummus rolls..
i deleted an entry i made a couple days ago about all the crap that was showing up on my computer b/c lj put automatic links to some places that i don't approve of there being links to...and i know that there were replies to that post but yeah...i'm not going to have that stuff up here since i hate it more than anything else.
I seriously hate some people sometimes.  Harsh word, but fuck..STOP BEING DUMB, wake up and realize what's going on.  Naive people suck way worse than ignorant ones.   Out with the Jew tonight.  Get a hold of us were bored!
gijo_vijayan (12:01:15 PM): do any of your frnds need mbbs seats? eagleshack (12:01:31 PM): do i know u? gijo_vijayan (12:01:43 PM): no eagleshack (12:01:58 PM): then kindly stop spamming on my YM
Okay... after a few years of contemplation... I have come up with an answer to my debating thoughts...
it says that I'm on Alexia's friends list, but I haven't been able to get into her journal all week. actually, I've been having a lot of trouble with most journals lately, but hers has been especially persnickety, and hers is one I really would like to read.  I hate computers.
so i fell on my ass that hurt like a bitch i hurt my wrist even more  i can't move it without feeling some kinda pain....it sucks it hurts when i type   i got my brownie it was ssssssoooooooooo ggggggggggggggggoooooooooooooooooooooood dddddddddddddddddd!!!!!!
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): There is a new moon today that could illuminate conflicting opinions. Yammering voices may urge hasty actions, but it is better to wait out this temporary mood. More advantageous agreements can be achieved in a few days.    Hm....
I hate recruitment agencies.  I have applied for a job counting penguins/seals/seagulls in antarctica for almost 3 years. (Yes I have finally flipped).  A yoga man wants me to do his website *rolls eyes*, how yoga can be classified as a charity I'll never know....   waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
The computer has frozen up four times in the last twenty-five miuntes. It did not freeze up four weeks prior to today. Then you got on, then you got off. I did nothing that could have caused this. Whatever you did. Undo it. Because apperently, I am not always the one to break the computer.
I was sick with fever yesterday. Missed school, missed piano lesson. I didn't feel great from morning to noon, but after that it was great.
I hate my brother.   He pissed on my bed when I was away for a night.  Of course, he's only 2 and I love him dearly. But he's not the one who has to change the sheets or sleep on the darned thing tonight!!!
I HATE MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I HATE MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i HATE MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PERIOD.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, it appears that my latest  miscreant  is not Mr. Potter, after all, but Mr. Smythe.    I shall be dealing with him tomorrow.  Minerva       Owl to Sinjin Smythe   Mr. Smythe,  Please report to my office.  Professor McGonagall head of Gryffindor House
oh by the way, kevin erway is a dirty whore who should be slaped. This is because he correceted me about the lyrics to thsi song last ngiht, but i was right he was WRONG. DEAD WRONG. Its THE tv. I AINT SCARED OF U MOTHA FUCKAS, KICK IT!HAM- BURGAH!
eggsquid     is a Collosal Moth that breathes Fire, has a Computer for a Brain, projects a Purple Forcefield, and can Change Colour.   Strength: 11 Agility: 2 Intelligence: 9       To see if your  Giant Battle Monster  can defeat eggsquid, enter your name and choose an attack:      fights eggsquid using    Strength  Agility  Intelligence          bring it bitches
Well my Spring Break was pretty intense... I can only sum it up into one word!  CRAZY!!!   *Beer *Drugs *Fighting *Car accidents *Police encounters   &hearts; Brenda
To top it all off, was called into work by nikki. She rang just as I was eating my pizza and I didnt recognize the voice, or I would probably have said that yes, I was busy. Bah. Was incredibly busy. Didn't see joe on the doorstep on my way in, praps he's found a ditch somewhere. Anyway, I'm gonna go rant somewhere else.
Why do people put so much more of an emphasis on Human life than on animal life?   Stem cell research is shot down because it requires "taking of a human life".  Animal research is still ok.   WHAT THE FUCK!?!   Life is Life. In my opinion, All Life should be Respected.
When I didn't want to go to see Keith Urban in concert, I was forced and had to stand almost practically front row and got eye contact with him. When I do want to go see him it's all fucking sold out in one day flat! Life is cruel!
I can't believe they voted Nikko off on American Idol tonight.      I'm totally tempted to not watch anymore. Tonight was the most wrong ever. Not that any of them are so great. It just totally blows that someone as talented as Jessica was voted off and Scott "girl-friend beater" Savol is still around. I'd like to see someone smack that fake plastic expression off his blank face.
I hate those video ads with sound on AIM. It comes on every few minutes, so damn annoying. Damn you Veronica Mars ad. I need to find a program that can remove ads on AIM.
My  stepdaughter  committed suicide.  I'm sure there's someone I can blame and subsequently beat senseless for this.
I come to the decision that there is nobody here for me in morgantown. Too many fucked up people here. Oh well. The guys in VA were so much better.
This was suppose to be the first day that I actually could be walk using my both legs. Unfortunately, things doesn't went to well I can't walk by myself. I still have to use the damn crutches. Even a turtle is faster than me! *angry*
I have cramps.  1.5 weeks early.  *whine*  I JUST DID THIS A FEW WEEKS AGO, GOD DAMMIT.  I hate people who get all 'earth mother' about the whole thing.  May you people drown in a sea of menstrual blood.
I'm fucking freezing!  Why is it cold here what's going on this sucks. It's cold and there won't be any snow. WHAT BULLSHIT!
I woke up at 7 o'clock this morning to go down to school to wait in the parking lot to go to the AIDS walk and nobody shows up. The other kids going didn't show up and neither did THE TEACHER. I walked the 4 miles home, and now I have to  send  my money down to Phoenix.   I hate people.
well now guess what there is a new roumer going around beaverton now i guess  well supposedlly me and zach are gay together and that this kid mike capolla is going to beat our asses tomarrow at ski club its complete bullshit  im just venting
Episode 175 is out!! Except I'm at school right now, so I can't download it!! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! *dies* I can't wait to go home and get it.. &gt;___&lt; I have the torrent file  right now  in my USB drive and I can't do anything about it!! T__T&nbsp; Damnit!! *stabs some random thing*
i hate cowards k.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; why bother to even do these kind of little things when u'll know i'll spot them sooner or later?
damn gameboy advance games being so small!  can't find that final fucking fantasy tactics advance anywhere!
Bah. I hate my PhD. It just doesn't make sense.  Why should it work on processor 0, yet not on the other porcessors, when it is written in local numberings so all processors perform the same commands on their data?  Bah. Still, either it will work in a week or so, or I can give up.
Yes, I'ts enough! I'm just in the edge of my patience... in the edge of my seat. I'm tired people out there are missundertanding all what I've said in the last months. Why does people do that anyway?  So from now on... I'm just gonna stay cool, relaxed and that's about it.  By the way. Next saturday I'll update Toy Box and Valhalla halls. Really.. I am.
This is seriously the worst week in my life.  1. DID ABSOLOUTLY NOTHING. 2. none of my friends are in school. 3. school sucks period. 4. LAURA FUCKING MOVED wtf im gonna miss her. were never gonna see eachother in school i mean were still friends but seriously wtf. 5. grounded wednesday for staying home.   things haven't been the same lately. w.e
Oh. For fuck's sake. Just when we thought the religious right could get their heads any further up their arses.   http://www.livejournal.com/users/lilith _morgana/222231.html
They are turning off the power in our building today for five hours.  It is  -18  outside.  Welcome to Canadian winter, Casey.
my mother went and took my cat and had him declawed today without my permission.   I have never been so angry in my entire life.    thank you for mutilating my cat mother.
oh hell, i hate annouying people...and stupid people. im in history class trying to do a project with a partner, and garrented werre a little loud but that does not give her the liberty to yell at us. this sophmore c omes up and just yells at us "WOULD YOU BE QUIET??"  Yeah. wtf mate?
wtf?! I went to bed at 5 AM last night...woke up at 6:15 to come to a class that we didn't even have! i'm piisssssed!!! :@ aaannnd today is senior lay out day...and i'm at school...what a dork i am lol  ANB
White 2002 Subaru WRX for sale. 35,700 miles. Looking for 16-17k for it.... anyone know anyone interested?  Why the hell did I ever sell the blazer? I was so fucking dumb.... had a nice 2000 Blazer with no money owed on it..... but no I had to chase after a dream car.... god I am dumb..... fuck....  No job + expensive ass car = not working
i hate my server...it hates me...so i kick it...it dies ..i kck it again and turn away from it....   I have spent the last 5 hours getting it to fucking work and it was working now it WONT EVEN LET ME RUN FUCKING SQL!!!!!
hi yeah i need to figure out how to get a paid account without using my moms credit card. although I wonder. hmm. damn you livejournal for not accepting money. i just need a paid account so i can get harry potter mood settings and stuff. GRRRRRRR.
I hate me!!! Next time I won't even open my mouth...the insensitive me might hurt someone again...urgh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ok well today i went to the movies and...hmmmmmm.fell over...lol! Now Hannah is all pissed at me and Kass for no reason!!!!!!! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!! Bloody hell we were busy and it wasnt lyk she was talkin to us!!!!!!
I'm sick of people who pretend to be your friends but honestly but on effort in being your friend.  This is not directed at anyone. I'm tired of loosing friends instead of gaining them.  I'm tired of feeling left behind. I'm pissed off I didn't have the college experience I expected, but I make the best of it. I don't want ot long for the past anymore.  Ok I let it go.  I think I feel better.
sin city was fuckin weird.....but i got to see bruce willis for a while, so whatever.... also, the lying forgetful escaping bastard DID finally call....he's in New Hampshire climbing for the weekend. i'm SO SICK of waiting around for him. so that was the last time. if he wants to see me, he'll have to catch up to me first.
адресовано тем, кто не является моим близким, настолько близким другом, чтоб просматривать данные заметки. прошу вас больше не совать нос в мой журнал. мы еще не настолько близки, да и не хотелось бы.
hey guess what i got my permint my pic looks bad though but i don't care i got it and i can't waite intill i get my licens then when i do im ot of there and i am not going tobe home in till really late and then the nexts day the same thing over and over agin.
Alright, this goes out to the people (one certain person in particular) who had a major problem with me not updating my LJ. "I HAVE A FUCKING LIFE." Alright? So if my LJ is the last thing on my priority list, and you have a problem with it. Fuck off and die. :)
Devendra Banhart      Originally uploaded by  rebekahmtz1981 .   i would like, some day, to marry a man like this. because i think it would make me quite happy.   at least much happier than i've been lately...  due to reasons i just cant explain without ending up sounding like a 13-year old, my Thanksgiving is going to end up being pretty bad.   i need a new place to live...
it should be perfectly reasonable to feel disgust towards every person you know. only every once in a while though. oh, and for no good reason too.
I had to frog my K2, P2 hat, because I screwed up somewhere (probably while watching DS9). Now I'm starting over from scratch. Oh well......  I had about 5 inches done, too.
Pat, you're a good woman but sometimes too good your own good. The house is yours Pat, YOURS! Don't let Sam get her claws in and guilt trip you. Johnny isn't your friend, Johnny is not a man who has "friends".  The food here in hell is terrible, where's Beale's fish and chips when you need it?
I can't believe it. I'm getting owned everytime I post in this forum I belong to by some person posing as Santa!! What a freak! I hate him! Grrrr!!!! Last time someone did this it was my friend WalrusofRock (sn) and I'm thinking he's doing it again he's just not telling me. I've even asked him and he's saying "no" but I don't believe him.
blah... I cant even really take it. too much depressing shit happens to me.. fuck cock shit damn nigger bitch ... and that is it.
As Shuuichi said, we are on our way back. Though I don't know how my being here will help in any way. I've not been the model of anything that Tatsuha could need nor depend on. But I will do anything that I can to help get him away from my father, including insuring that pathetic excuse for a man at the very least does not walk again.   We are on a plane home now. It shouldn't take long...
grr. Fuck it. INCREDIBLY tempted to just drop these classes and start working full time so I can get out of this shithole before I stab a certain person in the throat.
Ok, I was about to go to bed, so I was all nekkid...  so what does that mean? my fucking dad barges into my fucking room to bitch at me for being up all fucking night! WHAT THE FUCK?  JESUS FUCKING CHRIST MAN DOES NOBODY KNOCK? WTF? I could've been having sex with a dead hooker or something.
Right now, Turn it on! Bill Bixby's "Incredible Hulk" on the Sci Fi channel.   Tonight the plan is to take Kim out to Clown College at the Vogue. It has been so long since we have had a night out. I wonder if I will remember how to drink.
I want to start playing Star Wars Galaxies again... because I think it's better than Everquest.  I mean, if it only took me like, 4 months to nearly get my Jedi slot, then I could theoretically get it in an even shorter amount of time this round, because I already know what I'm doing, right?  Le sigh... I miss it. ~Decibel
Your love is... by   ChibiMarronchan        Your name is...           Your kiss is...    breath taking      Your hugs are...    warm      Your eyes...    light up a day      Your touch is...    irresistable      Your smell is...    exotic      Your smile is...    entrancing      Your love is...    everlasting               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
Her feelings she hides. Her dreams she can't find. She's losing her mind. She's fallen behind. She can't find her place. She's losing her faith. She's fallen from grace. She's all over the place.
my computer erased all of system preferences including all of my beautiful playlists, no safari bookmarks, no dock preferences, no screen, anything on the desk top erased, mac mail doesnt work, and unrelated my photobucket account is full.... poop!  I am quite put out. only redeeming quality to this week:   my desktop
Neil came home last night smelling of  Heinz  brown sauce :-( I'm upset, I expected better of him - I think it's the company he's been keeping that's led him away from the path of the True Sauces; that silly "arse felch" band, or whatever they're called! Anyway, I gave him penance - 100 Hail Pingus. I don't expect it to happen again, or the consequences may be grave!
Well It's dead. My computer screen is dead. I'm borrowing a friends right now to make this stupid post then turning off my computer.....What will happen.....Will the world end? Will Brain finally take over the world? Arrrrgh!    p.s. point!
Thanks to my sister's selfishness I won't be going to San Fransisco during spring break. Oh how  thrilled  I am.   Kidding! Apparently all is well now and we're still going to San Fran. :]
Argh! Rilo Kiley and the Dresden Dolls are playing the Wireless Festival! The festival that is the easiest to get to! And they'd playing the day I go to Nottingham University! Why must my life be so mean!?! And why must I use so many exclamation points!?!  And why did my parents buy a huge massive Buddha that cost them at least three hundred pounds!?!  And why and I still listening to the Cure!?!
I'm not staying for some politicians' stupid war. There will be a Draft:  http://www.congress.org/congressorg/iss ues/alert/?alertid=5834001&content_dir=ua_congressorg   More info:  http://www.congress.org/congressorg/iss ues/alert/?alertid=5965616&content_dir=ua_congressorg
::frustrated:: ::very frustrated:: ::wants to throw something at the wall::  stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid!!! ::kicks computer, kicks stupid multimedia program, wants to kick teacher too.:: ::disappears::
Arrrrrr (pretend your a pirate)  I'm so ready for bio to be done with... this test on Wednesday could easily kick my butt!  Why is college so damn hard sometimes?!?!?!
Jon cleaned the apartment and threw away my recent thesis research, a student paper, and more things to be realized later when I need it more than air itself. So angry. I just want to break something. Instead I printed out the articles I could find again, emailed the kid with the paper, and developed a ball of anxiety in the middle of my stomach. Schweet.  Working on it. Working on it.
Ugh.  I'm having massive roommate drama.  Also, I'm really, really REALLY PO'd at her.  She's been giving me the cold shoulder for about a day straight and I think I'm going to scream.  Either at her or someone.  Don't ever, ever, ever let me sulk at any of you.  It's absolutely frusterating.
get out of my life.  I broke my camera... I can';t pay my bills I'm having a great day and I'm just a bit pissed off...  could you care? not really... I'm a whiner I'm a bitch and I reaLLY COULD CARE LESS.
I'm staring at my SATs scores online while I slowly cram myself with food. 2080. Motherfuckers. I want this week to be over. Over over over over over over over over over over over.     I need more Kit-Kats.
Dear Ohio,  Way to let me down....how could u do this to me?   How could you do this to the United States?  -jme  P.S You better work some MAGIC with those provisional ballots.  Or I may cry!  PSS  All you other states are in trouble too...BIG TROUBLE MISTERS!
So I think that if you have a high enough grade in a class, you should not have to take an exam.  Exams are going to eat me alive.  I hate exams.  I wish the last week was like FUN week for all the work you did all year long instead of STUDY YOUR ASS OFF week.  SIGH....But in the words of my ohhhh soooo wise mommy (hollar at your girl Cheryl..) "LIFE IS NOT FAIR".  That's just not fair.
What the fucking hell? I AM MEAN?    Regina George      Which Mean Girl are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
So far the weekend sucks. Hopefully I will enjoy myself tonight... Im not going to bet on that though. MY Life sucks. Ciao.
okay, i know i said i wasn't gonna post anymore for awhile...but i had to say this one last thing. JOSH IS AN ASSHOLE AND I HOPE HE NEVER TALKS TO ME AGAIN!!!
Awwww bitch ROB!!!! Im gonna kill you bitch!!! awww my beans I fucking hate you bitch!!!! Die Motherfucker!!!!! Bitch I Awwwww.... Hate Awwww...YOU!!!! My beans I hate you!! I want to fight you bitch!!!! Awww my beans Your fucking  dead bitch beans dead motherfucker!!!! Awww bitch...my beans!
Can I just add to that ranting...ONE MORE TIME?!  I CANNOT WAIT TO GET OUT OF THIS HELL HOLE CALLED MINGO COUNTY.  I MEAN THAT WITH ALL MY HEART.  I WILL NEVER LOOK BACK...EVER...I DARE SOMEONE TO CHALLENGE ME ON THAT.   REALLY...I MEAN IT.
I am at work... not in a great mood today. I didn't sleep the best and had nightmares of course... though I can only remember small fragments and want to keep it that way. I gamed last night, but even that wasn't as fun as usual for some reason.
I was going to try and spew myself out there, maybe write a poem, but I'm tired... so maybe tommorrow.  Hmmmmm is good... I will ponder more
Well just as i predicted, all the tickets to the movie were sold out and i didn't get to see the movie. I'm so sad, i really wanted to see that movie. But i'm not giving up, i'm gonna see that movie even if it kills me.
good een all i shall get my queer back i shall damn you i shall i shall sorry im kinda krazy right now so ya love ya g2g p.s i will get my queer p.s.s. go get roman liz woo-whooo!
When I get paid this week, I'm buying my own television for my room.  I can't even fucking watch sports or get excited over them. I can't watch any damn comedies or shows I wish to anymore because it makes my father angry.  Apparently, he thinks he runs the television 24-hours a day and that we only can watch shows he wants to see.
hay I haven't written in here in a while.   Im sooo absoloutly board and I think I have read every grenday fan fic in the universe will some one write me a billie/tre there ment to be.
Apparently we have an extension on our media coursework till after christmas cos we're gettin new computers...  WHY WASNT I TOLD THAT!!!!!!!!  Hear i am editing like a ninny. Vicky says mrrrr!!  Luv a v. angry Ness
people are very rough with my emotions and can't take it. the little things really get to me some times.
hey guys. not a lot has been happening lately. =\  my dad's fine, he has 2 broken ribs. ouch and like 3 fractured (sp)  today i have a game @ marian. it should be fun i guess.  okay well i am going to go. MuAh`
last night = so many fucking regrets. i should have done something about it but i'm such an idiot for not trying. and the thing is, i don't know why i  even still like him...    =( =( =( =( i shouldn't..but i really do.
This LJ is on hiatus due to internet problems. Sometimes I just want to take a sledgehammer and.... my computer and modem.   Oh yeah..and I've reached the conclusion that Mary Kate Olsen in a sick little girl. I have my reasons.
My computer is currently fighting off the flu... and somehow for some reason that escapes me, my internet doesn't work at all any more... If you miss me on aim, and we all know you do.... then tough. Because there's nothing I can do about it or it would be done by now.   DF!
yo fuk this niggaa! me n jchu ar pissed at all y'all niggazz! bostardz wt fukers, they all traitors and, USERS. WE brought em out of their little shells to the world n intro'd tha ladies, jitz, mall, dinner YA BIATCHES U KNW WHO U AR! u knw itz tru! TRU DAT! N this is wt we get in return...*NOTHIN*... HOPE YA HV A MERRY CHRISTMAS MUTHA FUKAS MUAHHA
Have you ever felt so sick. So Sick of life that is. That you wish every breath you took was your last one? I feel like that every moment of my life. Its shitty but spare me of your pitty.
Well, my dad is mad at me. Some Marine dude called my house. My dad hates Bush and the whole Iraq thing and doesn't want me to even consider going to the Marines. What a jerk. It's not like it's my life anyway... Well, it's late and I still have to practice. Later.  -MattyLac
This break sucked Most of the time i sat around I never get invited to do anything I have to invite myself places in order to actually do something I need new friends meaning... i need actual friends god damn this break was a big waste  well as a graduation present Ryan gets to visit me sometime this summer so thats something to look forward too
Stupid Financial aid check STILL isnt here...GAH!!!!  Im so goin down there tomorrow if i am well enough...they best have a good reason...grrrr i say, grrrrr
someone please explain to me how people can be so fucking ignorant............ a h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh hhhhhhhhhh!
Damn you all to hell with your tantrums when we complain about your music and your infighting between yourselves that wakes me up in the middle of the night and keeps even me from getting back to sleep.
... are good looking, spacious and sunny... and here end all the positive things I can think about them. Why? Because we have to struggle to manage to do anything (from reading an e-mail to opening a PDF file), so for the time being, it sucks major d..k. That´s all for now,   Hugs to all
Long time neva update cuz theres no interesting happenings. Btw pple, r promises meant to be broken? I'm sick and tired of tat. Freaking irritating. U promise me tis and in the end tats wat u giving me. Reali F***ed up.
Looks like I may need a new transmission.  Shouldn't be too expensive, I'm sure they're easy to find for a 1955 BEL AIR!  I hate being lied to.
I do not want to go out tonight! I have to go back to school to take my Math exam. I am so sick of math. Tell me please why a writer needs to know how to change a complex fraction into a quadratic equation? Oh well, at least I only have two more exams left then I am done with quadratic equations for the rest of my life (fingers crossed anyway).
I slept on the floor again ... I wake up early and go to work and they tell me they CHANGED the schedule, and now I'm supposed to work the night shift (2pm-11pm). AT LEAST they were supposed to LET ME KNOW!!! This sucks, they ruined my Friday!   Evil people...
AHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!  I'm ANGRY!!!!!        HAHAHAH!!!   HAd to take them off...why cause i felt like it.     *EDit*  I'm better now
Hope you all like, if you don't then feel free to be sick in an envelope and send it to the following address,
I'm an idiot.   I changed the password on my freewebs account, and now i can't remember it, it's sending the e-mail to the WRONG ADDRESS, and now i can't do my site.   so now i'm typing random words into the password thing in the vain hope that its right. darn my idiocy.   EDIT   I just had to set up a whole new account. Psh.......
Sorry, but I got sucked into a hyper-vortex. A hyper-vortex is vortex that contains many different vortexs to different hypertime. I just got back!   Anyway, I'm that bug show up--he's going to wish he hadn't!
So, I'm angry enough to rip someone's head off right now, and there's no reason for me to feel this way.
All of the Holy Family students who registered to vote through them coming to our school  are NOT  registered to vote. The papers never made it to where they had to go.   Lovely!  I mean, it's only THURSDAY with the election TUESDAY.     now we have to go demand a provisional ballot.   AND   if it wasn't for Marla trying to request an absentee ballot, no one would  have known.
an now my mood changed and i just got mad oh yay.....  only not so much  *breaks vase*  ....and now my mood is sourd starnge what can happen with a few words now isint it?
Where is your honor,dirtbag?   God...has a                                                                   hard-on               for Marines...because we kill...every thin                                                                                                                                                                             g  we see...
... calls my phone and hangs up before leaving a message, but lets it go to machine anyway, I'm seriously going to do someone some damage.   I am sick to the fucking back teeth of 17 messages every day of "beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep" . I an now officially turning the machine off...  They can ring and ring and ring and I'm not answering...
Wow - I urge everyone to watch this:  http://www.deviantart.com/view/1145 4716/ , taken from       swandog   's dA site.   But - its graphic. I'm warning you now - its about pit bull terriers, and some of the pictures are of pit bulls after illegal dog fights. They are not pleasant. At all. (But there are no pictures of human injuries from pit bulls)
I hate my family.  I hate them all.  I wish I could separate myself from them altogether and just live my life without them coming to me for handouts or expectations that I'm supposed to flush my future down the toilet to make reparations for the lack of planning and responsibility they've demonstrated in theirs.
There should not be school today! the wind chill is -28 and the school policy is to close at -30 yet here i am, sitting here at school.  this is absolutely unnecessary
Tacky.  Adrian Pucey may be many things, but he is not tacky.  A clown is tacky.  I am not.  Kit Warrington is tacky.  I am not.    That bloody pouf.  Literature, coffee... and other things I'm positive no man should ever have to endure.
They're closing it.  I knew they would.   The bishop is closing my old elementary school.  And Lynn's only in fifth grade there, top of her class.  Leb is angry.  Leb also had someone assault her printer.  This will not end well.
[incoherent ranty time]  RAA STUPID LANDLORD STUPID HOUSE DIE DIE DIE EUGENE RENTAL PEOPLE RAAAAA!!!!!  [/incoherent ranty time]  *ahem*  What I meant to say was that Emelia and I (along with the two people we're thinking of having as roommates) just got back from touring the house we were really interested in renting next year.  It was...most unsuitable.
God, I hate the Red Sox and they completely took me by surprise when they beat the Yankees that way. WTF?   I AM NOW OFFICIALLY ASHAMED TO BE A NATIVE NEW YORKER.     (just kidding)
I fucking despise the druggies at work. I walked out of work yesterday to find that they had stolen my keys out of my coat pocket (which was hidden), gone out to my car and stolen $200 cash and 2 of my credit cards, on which they charged about $1000.  Stupid mother fuckers.   And my fucking music files disappeared. WTF &gt;:o
I have deep respect for those who stand up for what they believe in.  I have deep respect for those who are willing to sacrifice their family's privacy to stand up for one of their own (even if I disagree with their position).  What I cannot stand is the way those simple folks are used for profit and fame by those who wield a lot of power.     (Read More).
No matter what happens in Wisconsin. Dean will not get of the race the media lies. They said that this is a do are die sate for Dean they lie. He is in for the long hall.
Will the new polls are in for New Hampshire and Dean is in second place that is not that bad a lot can chang in 5 days and + tonight their is a big debate in New Hampshire
OK!  Hopefully this is the LAST time I will be saying this  I AM NOT ANOREXIC!  Ok had to clear that up.  That jerk Perry called me anorexic today.  Just cause I don't eat to often does not make me anorexic.  And Leah with that little informational paper on anorexia.  Anyone who thinks I am, was or shall ever be anorexic please post, just a little poll.  byes, love, sincerely, from, Regs
I'm very upset with how some immature kids acted at the Strike Anywhere show tonight. Wish I had the energy to rant about it.   Time for bed, got a tattoo apointment tomorrow...
I just watched a very interesting report on the American media on the CBC news program, "the fifth estate."  I believe they'll be rerunning it... look for it if you can.  Oh, and I hate FOX News.
Not to be a bother, but all the people who are literally jumping out of their skins, wailing, complaining and going into depression because Bush won the election should be reading   this   and   this  .  Because, hey, now your panic is validated...
I HATE IT WHEN U TYPE REALLY LONG ENTRIES THEN INTERNET EXPLORER GETS A PROBLEM AND EVERYTHING GETS ERASED AND THEN YOU GET ANGRY AND THEN BULLETS ARE FLYIN AND PEOPLE ARE DYING AND THEN ALL THESE BAD THOUGHTS COME TO YOUR HEAD CUZ OF THE GREAT DEAL OF ANGER.  AGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!  THE ANGER MONKEYS ARE TAKING OVER MY HEAD!  **THROWS PEN ACROSS ROOM**  DOH!  -Tiger
MY LAUNDRY GOT STOLEN!!!!!!! ARRGHHHHH.  Lost properties: 1) Barcelona Hard Rock Cafe T-shirt 2) Edinburgh HRC T shirt 3) Pierre Cardin & Renoma Boxers 4) Zara Jeans 5) Nike Berms 6) VJC HnF T shirt 7) Towel 8) Donnay socks 9) Converse T shirt 10) G2000 Shirt  plus others i can't remember  shit
Fuck the Red Raider Relays.  Who makes opening height in Pole Vault 9'0"??  There were  seven  no heights in the guys competition.  And apparently I'm running a  400  in the DMR tomorrow.  I hate my life.  lol
Jesus.  College is fucking expensive.  They can give me 29 thousand dollars and I still might not be able to afford it.  Goddamnit.
ok i know this is silly but, i made about 30 cookies yesterday, i had probably 3 toby 3. leaving 24. my roommates ate all of them today. GRR! i'm pissed.  not to mention bush is winning.
BLAST BLOGGER!  BLAST IT TO . . . A REALLY HORRIBLE PLACE WHERE IT WILL BLOODY WORK FOR ME!!!   Everything  at my domain is ready but the fricking blog won't show up and I've treaked EVERYTHING!  *methodically bangs head on desk*
Important.. kind of.  This journal is being deleted, due to the fact that someone takes it too seriously and goes through every posts scanning for the slightest trouble.My new journal (under the name hail_kohl) will  be friends only. I'm currently only going to add friends from IRC or Real life, but if anyone else wants in, just leave a comment at the gate thingy I guess :-)
It sucks being willing to give up anything for someone only to see that it all goes for nothing and having them throw your ass away when they dont need it.
DAMNIT THERE IS NO POP IN THE HOUSE TEEEEEEKS DID YOU DRINK ALL THE POP?!$#%#$# (no i did hehehehehehehehehehehe)
why am i pissed off at the world?  that is one question that i have to figure out the answer to today...  i dont know why...
want to be outraged and disgusted?   http://chastitysf.guidetopsychology.c om/depanx.htm   I freaking don't like christians like this.
God help us.      I'm stating in advance-  I. Told. You. So.   Just hold on boys and girls. In the end, it's all good, and if it's not all good, it's not the end.    Anything Is possible.  Pray for impeachment.   Mom: Baby, I don't think  Jesus  could've won.
Look at this bullshit:   http://www.cnn.com/2005/EDUCATION/0 4/04/no.more.red.ap/   Red pens are too " stressful "?  Fuck that . But wait! There's more!   http://www.cnn.com/2005/SHOWBIZ/TV/04/0 7/tv.cookie.lessmonster.ap/   It gets better and better every day!  Garbage .
Ok so u wanna here somethin even worse than my grades. im being fined 55$ from UH housing.  Disciplinary Problems: $25  Dirty ass room:  $30  Me gettin fucked over buy UH again : Priceless
This cant be happening again. How can it be possible, that my grandmother died because the doctors and hospital were careless.....and now my Pa is having complications from surgery and noone is giving answers to us, or for that matter, finding out what the fuck is going wrong?!  Just try to get my fucking ass near a hospital now.
I'm sure this was the brilliant idea of some young, up-and-coming, mid-20's executive. If I ever find said executive, I will rip out his soul and feed it to the harpies.   http://money.cnn.com/2005/04/07/news/fo rtune500/walmart_dating/index.htm?cnn=ye s   MOR has been sent into bloodrage by your idiocy! Flee before the rat of doom!
If anything is going on in NY let me know, before I go mad. I need to get away from.... me! Job hunting has lead down yet another dead end, and it starting to suck. Allot. But the good side is that
well nothin new in m life. except i got my fucking hair cut!!!!!!!!!!!!!i asked for only like 1 1/2 inches  and i got about 5 inches taken off so it sucks ass. i liked my hair. i cant wait till summer. i hate school so much.and the fact that its cold and snowy.
dang look at joe skateboard. i mean trying to skate. UUUUUUUUUJHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGGG GET YOUR ASS OUT OF MY FACE DAMIT. eeeeeeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am leaving now.
OMFG...  I hate when people take my good bands...  Please, everyone stop singing MR. Brightside. NOW!   I knew about them forever.. I use to have their demo cd. So dont tell me that you discovered them...  I promise this is the last update.
Damn capitolist bastards!  So, I was at Target a few weeks ago, and saw  Atlas Shrugged  by Ayn Rand there, and decided to buy it. About a week ago I started reading it. I was really getting into it, and had gotten to a really interesting part, when all of the sudden it went from page 120 to page 57. So I went to the next page 120... then it skipped to 185. So I am missing 65 pages.    BASTARDS!
This is a perfect example of why I sometimes subconsciously loathe some men.  I can feel my stomach turning right now.&nbsp;
Psychosis made for a lovely evening last night.  What the hell about that little crew makes up for straight up crazies?  Did I mention I love it when friends of mine get death threats?  It just means unilateral action may be taken in the future.  Fucking insanity runs rampant again I guess.  What a piece of trash.
People really do get the silliest ideas. I'm sure that this invisibility thing was the work of one rogue Slytherin, aka Gregory Goyle. We really should not pin the blame on others when he is obviously guilty. Only he would deface a dead mans coffin.
I just went to Student Health.  I have conjunctivitis:( I can't wear my contacts for a week:( I hate wearing glasses. I haven't not worn my contacts for more than one day since I got them in 5th grade. That's right... this hasn't happened in 8 years.
Ohhhh I'm sooooo irritated!!! Somebody is on the only computer with a scanner and they're not even using it!!!! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!! URGGGGGGGGGG!!! I wish I wasn't so nice!! I would've pick that person up and throw him out the frickin window!!!!! I have 3 piccies that need to be scanned!!!! That bastard!!!! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
[Private to Minerva]  I had a brief conversation with Mr. Filch this morning. Would you care to explain?  [/Private]
so now my car is screwed up even more! i hit a curb, not even hard and the entire half the lower bumper thing is coming off, i tried shoving it back in, but its cracked. o im so screwed, stressing out is no good for me...im gona start stripping cause i need cash....
I am so angry and I have no one to talk to.  In other news, I felt chapstick in my pocket and was really excited! But when I reached in to get it, I found out it was a pen.  So disappointment all around.
friday i chilled with sam bonez jade and kat we went to the pumpkin patch and then i went home and then went bowling.then on sat. i missed kats party and i went to my uncles and me my uncle aunt danny me and my sis went to bachlors grove cemetary and ressurection. it was fun and scary. then sun. i chilled at home and did nothing.
mhmm i miss craig i guess i should get used to it b/c i wont see him for quite a while.  I think its time for me to grow up  go back to school  find a job and stop being rebelious ill be turning 18 next year and keep my boyfriend for quite a while.  Im grounded for 3 weeks and my boyfriend is grounded for two wtf.. god do i miss him... he makes me rediculously happy
OHiohfskjhKHJJFBDJHFBVDJFVDBjhvAAAAAAARA RARARARAARAarRraRArRrarrrggggI hate miss jenkinson with ALLLLLLLL my heart! she sent me out to stand outside IN THE COLDfor the whole lesson because I asked if she'd marked my story!?! then wouldnt let me in to get my jumper?!  &gt;:( People like her make me sick
GOD DAMNIT FUCKING SEAHAWKS LOST THEY AIN"T MY TEAM NOMORE SCREW THEM THEY SUCK THEY SUCK ASS GOD I NEED TO GET FAT
I'm getting really sick of being alone. I'm getting sick of all the guys I like having girlfriends, or all of the guys I like-my friends like them too.I'm getting really sick of not having anyone I can talk to. I'm getting sick of noone trying to get to know me.
WHY WON'T HE FUCKING CALL ME BACK?!?!?!?! FOR 5 FUCKING HOURS I'VE BEEN WAITING FOPR HIM TO CALL ME SO WE CAN HANG OUT.  5 FUCKING HOURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!  I'M SICK OF THIS SHIT. IF I GET A HOLD OF HIM I'M SO GOING TO KILL HIM!!!!!!!!
WHY CAN'T I FIND PLAIN BLACK STRAPPY SANDALS?!?!?!?!?!?!  That's all I want...highheel.... plain black...... cute strappy sandals.  Not hard people!  Arghhhhhhhh!!!
wow no1 has updated in a while..meh yeh on da weekend i got pissed n yeh.. i hate school i hate my so called friends and yeh... so how is everyone im going niow cya im gonna do that thing uze do &lt;3 ya
things change quick and its so weord how things change so easily. I can now see who my friends are. Why do sum people reckon they are so good when they are little fukn try hards whos every move is to try n impress people and hope it makes them popular. wat the fuck. they say to tell the truth but wen u do everything fucks up this world is fukn fucked.
well so yea.. my ear is totally fucked up and i think i confused puz when i asked her what to do..  i yet again broke down in tears in curleys classroom. im gonna be fucking in so much goddamn trouble when i get home.   i hate this school so damn much.
ok so i am suppose to be going to the soccer game today but NOOOOOOO....my mom had to tell my tennis coach that i would come to play at the club instead. gosh...she NEVER even asks me if i wanna go. and i dont!! i want to go watch chels and steph and sam and all of them play soccer. why does she freakin act like this sometimes. its so stupid. grrrr. im not happy bout that.
I SHOULD HAVE JUST QUIT MY BAND!!!!!!!!!!!! I HAD A HOT GIRL WHO LOVED ME UUUGGGHHH!!!!!! IM SUCH AN IDIOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I just got in a huge fight with David. Eh, he'll get over it. He said I was putting words in his mouth and blah blah blah... For gods sake what is wrong with him? *sighs and breathes deeply*  Oh shit, I better go to bed I have to work tomorrow. I think this was about the most pointless post ever.
i found a journal i wish i hadn't found. it only mentioned me once but that one line made me feel awful. i mean, does she really feel like that about me? is that what i come off like? maybe i SHOULD just cut off all contact with my old friends...that is if they talk about me like that.
Well..  let me update.. Lock Haven is cold.. boo.. My life is pretty catastrophic.. YES.. *sarcasm* and i'm sick and tired of stupid whores running their mouths.. I made you cry once.. dont think I wont tear into your ass and make you cry again.. I'm tired of the fucking games.. so keep running your mouths.. cuz this girl is done playing your games!
Great. Just fucking great. I went to bed last night without putting my alarm on. So I didn't wake up at 6:30 like I should have. I missed Philosophy. It was the first of that course I was gonna have after the strike and I went and missed it. Also missed the last one before the strike. Juuuuuuuuust great.  ^&gt;_&lt;^
He doesn't know SHIT about me. Two fucking faced?! When have I ever spent more than an hour with him? And has he ever been with me while he/I was sober?! I've never seen him or spoken to him in my life bar one night when we were both drunk and he was angry. I change to suit people?? What the fuck. WHAT THE FUCK. Whatever. What a fucking knob.
Yeah, his ass finally showed up about 10 minutes ago...  Now his friend's here, because they're f*cking drunk.. He's passed out, sleeping in the bed. He'll wake up in the morning and realize that he's alone. He's gonna be alone for a while. He'd better have a very good f*cking explanation.
It's nearing 72 hours since I last saw Flapper.  How can I face the world without my precious little bird by my side.
I hope I can get to go to the mall and stuff to get presents today.  I've gotta get someone something, but I don't know if they deserve it or not, and right now-they don't.
She did it again. Its 9:03am. She is taking a shower. She doesn't leave until 12:30. I have class in an hour.  BLAH!
so right now im about to leave to go help my dad work and the work isnt easy this sucks!ill see u all later.
i know i haven't updated in a while, but who can get sick of Erin's posts? well this is just to my other half... have a gooooooodddddddddd triP!!!  my life is imcomplete without you. wilted flower
Wth.  Why do people automatically assume that, just because you're blonde that you're either stupid or a whore, or both? WHY?   ..assholes.
I am sorry for that...just had to vent on the fact that anyone I ever thought cared about hates me....that I am just a big joke!
i am nice.   I have a heart...  where does everyone else in the world go wrong? i don't want to spend the night alone... not at all.
"way down way down way down she knows way down way down way down she knows."  he supplies her low with cabbages he calls cream my sun makes snow cones, my darling demon
I am so stupid I had a great mark in chemestry Things were going so well Until I failed my exam And my mark dropped 12 points , I'm so dump I studied , but left out one thing That one thing cost me my mark Why do I always have to mess up when things are great Shit , shit, shit  I really had a chance at boosting my Cote R Now I have to work twice as hard  Because of my stupid mistake Because of me
i hate being a human being...i look in the mirror and i want to throw up...i don't want to be any part of humanity, i don't care if that makes me a baby.  it just seems to suck more than its worth.  i'm going to the bookstore to read some neal stephenson or john cheevers or some fantasy cyberpunk crap and escape from myself.
now I know why my mother doesnt let me keep guns in the house....  because if i could... oh hell yeah... I would.
Monkey butt.   There is just one little kink to my whole self-assuredness about going to Prom by myself.  A certain boy named Shawn Say will be there. And there is no need to remind you that he will NOT be by HIMself. Gooooooosh. I hate the world.
i can't believe the things people do when they drink. it doesn't just ruin you, it ruins everyone around you. just fucking think, just for once. my best friends, MY FUCKING BASTARD OF A DAD, my boyfriends.
my last weekend before school was the most boring weekend ever! it couldnt of possibly got any more boring. This sucks i want to go to school already. I came back from being at my sisters and i saw the shoes i ordered from the internet the pair of kangaroos were really cool but the others were really ugly this sucks
*cries*   http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/1 1/12/frist.filibusters.ap/index.html    Edit - ARGG!!@$!!!$!@  http://newsmax.com/archives/ic/2004/1 1/11/202143.shtml
Stupid kid wasn't lying.  Damn secutiry guard.  I hope someone on this  God-forsaken  island knows some first aid.   The security guard is going to need someone to fix his broken nose...   I think I got enough wood.  I'm heading back to came now.   Thank God.  It's dark now, and who knows what kind of creepy duelists are going to jump out at me?
It's sad to see our old high school come to this.   http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/loc al/orange/orl-bk-ear-041405,1,810589.sto ry
I picked up a virus from a LJ quiz.  I had to reload my whole fucking hard drive.  I lost everything.
Dear Santa,  I am going make it easy for you this year.  I am going to start murdering all the naughty people.  The very next person that yells at me for a stupid reason, or has me spend three hours making their pictures then refuses to pay for them is getting a machete in the face.    I HATE CHRISTMAS   PS Does the grinch need a rommate?
You know what disgusts me?  That some US news shows in discussing the tsunami tragedy in Asia (where death tolls, according to Yahoo!news, now top 40000) turn the angle to the US & tsunamis!  I'm sorry, but we are NOT the focus of this incident.  Stop being so fucking self-centered and cover the real heart of the story!
This journal is now friends-only. I don't update much anyway, so you're not missing out. But comment if you'd like to be added.
Ginny,  What the bloody hell do you mean "You're going to work on that stuff by myself. I don't want to work with Draco now..."? In that case, fine. Do it by yourself, and I'll do it by myself. If you're lucky, you won't injure yourself too horribly.  D. Malfoy
It's off to the gym I go.  Cycling, 8am.  My body is going to hate me tomorrow... While I'm doing the 5k to raise money to fight homelessness. ACK.  But yeah, sick and tired of being fat!!!  ****  Back home.  This class was MUCH easier than the M/W version that is taught by the other instructor.    We did ask "about how far do you think we biked?"  The response... "about 40 miles".  Egads!
today i stayed home from school because i didnt want to go. and mom and jim "got back together" the other day she was never going to see him again and now she is planning to move in when tristan leaves! what about me! IM NOT MOVING ALL THE WAY OUT TO HICKVILLE! arrgg! uuuhhh lost my train of thought i gotta go climbing anyway.
I think an "ANGRY SMILEY" (haha ha) could be much more fun...honestly like a PURPLE face with a more cruel smile like ~ for example. and these kinda eyes . + , yeah, much better!  ahhh, I see my work here is done,  by the way, I need NEW, real friends, not the loser facsimiles I seem to have in ABUNBANCE right now...  Please apply soon,   :l
I know you're not reading this and you don't even know me, but if I ever see you, I am going to put you in a great deal of pain. You do not treat one of my best friends the way you did. She deserves better than you.
i'm enraged. so i bleached my hair and dyed it. i'm sick of somethings. i should start sewing. ::shrugs:: GR ON YOU!
ugh.. those blueberry bagels get me everytime!!!!!!!!!!       i am going to pay for this tomorrow when i step on the scale :(
Roger obviously found Andy's stupid pills. Nadal had better destroy this child. *mumbles threateningly*
I had used up so many pictures while in LA I had to stop off at a net cafe and empty my memory card onto a CD.  I popped the CD in my drive, nothing is on it.  All of my night two PWG pictures, my RAW and Mania pictures and the pics from my walking tour appear to be gone......  fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck
I'm surprised I slept at all last night after that  thing  came out!    No, I won't get in the carrier!  You can't catch me!!!!!!
I'M GONNA GET YOU, YOU FUCKIN' MONK!!!!!   ((Sanzou, you need to check out this  icon  by simpletype. ^^))
hey everyone! heres some pics of Busted that       rouges49    and       bailey_bil    gave me. enjoy =)
Seriously, Canada is a pretty nice place.  My sister lives there and her house is pretty big and I think she could fit a lot of us in there until we can get awesome jobs as mounties and enjoy free health care.  Who's with me?
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  i can't get windows media player to function now i can't listen to the free songs!!  ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh  no rage against the machine no beatles no a perfect circle  this is probably my sister's fault with her damn mp3 player
Nothing I love more then when me and my dad get into it over the dumbest things ...    I hate parents...
I've learned a few valuable things over spring break.    Summer is going to suck.  I cant wait to move and get the hell out of here.  Friends are not really who you thought they were.      Doesn't spring break just make you happy too?
No doubt you've all heard by now that Lucius Malfoy and I were having sex in his office when Bellatrix barged in on us simply to prove a point, apparently. I'd like to say for the record that I don't care what  any  of you think of it.
1. Go into your LJ's archives. 2. Find your 23rd post (or closest to). 3. Find the fifth sentence (or closest to). 4. Post the text of the sentence in your blog along with these instructions.   I need a user picture, I think.   Wow, isn't it profound? I thought so. That was back when I had mono, and Anne Frank was going on. Ah, those were the days.
So the Senate is going to have a vote on Wednesday, July 14th on the federal marriage amendment. Anyone see this in the news? They obviously don't want us to know they're about to vote. GOD FORBID THEY SHOULD LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE THEY'RE SUPPOSED TO FUCKING REPRESENT!  Go here to add your name to the petition that tells them we're not so easily duped:  http://www.moveon.org/unitednotdivided/
Mom's driving Patrick out again... She told him to find a new place for his cats, which he says are the closest things to a family he has. So he took it as an insult, he's pissed off, and he's leaving. He said he's never coming home again. I don't blame him at this point. Mom seems to care only for material things right now.  This steps up my plans a bit.
ok i don't think i will be making any more entries. i might who knows but right now it doesnt look likely. so here's a few cool pictures that i want to end my live journal with.
i might not be able to update that much because my comp at home has so much spy ware that i'm not even going to turn on the computer until i get spy sweeper.
So after days of waiting to buy the tickets, I find out that the Bloc Party show is SOLD OUT!! I am soo fucking mad, I didn't think they were that popular. Well if anyone knows of anyone who has tickets and doesn't want them, I will gladly buy them off of them. I REALLY wanna go!! GRRGRGRRGRGR!
I spoke too soon.  She’s back to using me as her scapegoat today.  It’s getting harder not to walk out.  I’ve removed my spiffy mouse pad in case I do have to do so.  She asked for the number of my agency, I might get fired before I can quit.
spent hours on my senior project final  computer decides to not work properly  instructor tells me im shit out of luck  two terms of this god forsaken class all for nothing     i want to kill
yeah. we have a show friday.  Drexl Every Man For Himeself DTM HATMADTD        Kyle's parents are being a little lame about it.
Dang. I just changed my theme and Now I need to redo my colors that I had. I was hoping they would stay but, oh well. I'm going to re-install the sims online andf convince my dad to pay for it again. hopefully my sim is still there. he probably is one of the oldest now.  Oh, and I made a new icon.
My dad and I are still not speaking- Day number four. My mom is really upset about it My dad is a child.
How absolutely disgusting and sad.    Quote:  Many villagers on the devastated west coast of Thailand lost almost everything in the Dec. 26 tsunami. Now, they may lose their land, too. Large investors are laying claim to prime beach front property -- and they're trying to evict the former residents in the process.
PS Does anyone know how to send viruses that would be willing to infect works computer system. Does anyone feel like helping me kick some ass...what are the chances that knowing how easy to manipulate I am that I will not quit my job and will once again be a slave to my own need to be kind.
"You think you have a decent relationship with someone based on mutual boredum, and proffesional courtesy..Then the next thing you know they're trying to take you out".  ..Supertroopers rocks my world! But it's so so true
damnit i cant fuckin do any damn thing right...... everything i do every day some how i fuck up at it..........
happy twenty-fifth, sarah...  all you get is one crashed saturn ion that you are still paying off. awesome.
I said it once, I'll say it again.... I hate when people smoke I hate when people smoke I hate when people smoke  Now if you're offended by this, feel free to delete me from your friends list. It's my opinion, not a shot at anyone that smokes...  Tho obviously SOMEONE took it the wrong way Oh well, I'm over it.
Do they even dare to call themselve human!!!!! I really hope they trade places and see how they like their own medicine!!!!!    http://hk.geocities.com/blood1213/fur.h tml
fuck everyone and fuck every thing.  that mother fucker's gonna die, he'll be lucky if we don't curbstomp his punk ass.  well, off to work.
be sorted  @  nimbo.net   I wanted to hurt things whenI took this so...yeah...      be sorted  @  nimbo.net   There i was tryign to be myself..what a surprise...-_-  Kis me I'm...well..I'm not Irish..but I AM me! eh? eh? eh? you know you wanna...MMMMMMWA!*sloppy smooch*
[Private]  Shit.  Fuck.  Things aren't supposed to happen like this.  We're still students.  We're supposed to be safe.  Fuck!  Eddie... Cassie...  Terry is a mess.  This is just... This is not good.  Not good at all.  FUCK!  [/Private]
promises are made like FORDS.....to break. since the popes death, on the news they have been talking about how people are worried about who is going to replace him.....maybe its just me but whoever the pope is does not affect my daily life. plus finals week is going to suck.
... i swear I don't ALWAYS dress like a cheerleader..........    you will pay, Usopp. I want my clothes back.      you look so cute in those clothes~ &lt;3 The hate is perfect!
Its nine oclock and Stupid Comcast has DNS is down again.  If this stay true, it will be down for another 3 hours!  Yippee frelling do!  I'll post this when I can!  Coach McGurk
They post things like  this :  Looks like they are targeting the iPod Shuffle which can be found  here :  The iPod chain of products owns about 70% of the market share.  You decide.  Raoul
My friend Ed, had been sick all on B-days this year!!!!   That really sucks!!!!!!! I'm a little mad at that!!!!!!  Ok, eventually I will calm down......EVENTUALLY!!!  Oh damn I have math today.....Shit
props to scott for these wonderful pictures of the "LAN" party     logan is such an asshole....-_-   xoxo megan
i would just like to make a   MAJOR   appology to Natalie bout thursday. I love u hunni n I'm sorry I wasnt there. I'll try not to let it happen agen, it just sorta happened n went along wid it...strong will, yeah bollox do i have self control n a strong will  sh*it  get a grip Hannah... a true friend wud have been there 4u, Sorry i wasnt...God i'm such a crap friend.
This is my scedual for centeral because you care.  1st-spanish 2nd- english 10 3rd- 2d art 4a and b- geomatry 4c- lunch 5a and b- studyhall 6- biology 7- phy ed 10
I should be sleeping but I'm too angry and hurt.  I think it would help to write about it, though.  I haven't written about this before, because it was a private thing for the person involved, but it doesn't matter anymore.
Wow!! Virginia Tech Men's Basketball beat Duke tonight!!! Nathan went to it, and he said it was the best basketball game there in history. Yeah, I'm kicking myself now for not getting a ticket!!! :-( Oh well, maybe there will be another good basketball game sometime in the rest of my college years. Uh, yeah right.....
car insurence 544 dollars  parking ticket 35 dollars car payment 300 dollars  me running headfirst into a brick wall.....priceless
GGGRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!! I am soooo anhry! A little yr 8 intimidated my friend Nat and STOLE MY COMPUTER!!!!! I now haff to vent my frustration within the next 2 mins!!!!!! AAAAGGGGGRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Miss Cleo went to the Jamacian Wal-mart mon! Miss Cleo get no service for my jamacian hair mon! Miss Cleo will shop at Target from now on mon! I was on the phones last night mon and miss cleo never heard so many problems with men and having sex mon!
Ahhh!!! I dont feel good and now i cant go to the commons!!! not that n e 1 wants me there! no 1 likes me!!! ahhh ill just do the regular thing when im depressed and...
Okay, I went into work all excited about the screening of the OC but of course, as is the store, it's fake. I forgot to read the small ass print   *must be an ASU student and bring valid ID   WHATEVER!!! I was sooo pissed off... I hate VS even more so now.    That would have been the coolest thing about working there, but now that I know that, VS still sucks ass.    I'm pissed
I am so sick of not having any friends who share any common interests with me on this rock. I feel like a jackass because I do have really nice friends here, but its so frustrating when we don't want to do the same things ever. I'm just so upset about it today because again I'm left alone. This is rant is probably really selfish of me and it's stupid that I feel like posting about it.
so today in social studies my friends got bored and decided to color my hair.... with sharpies... they told me it would was out in like 2 washes... so i was like.. yeah ok do it.. i just washed my hair like 5 times and it didnt come out... so now im all freaking out!!  my friend told me to try toothpaste cause it worked for her... so now i have to go make my hair minty fresh... argh...
Had a great weekend shooting and such…I have to admit it’s been a blessing…but as we all know, good things have cousins called SHIT MOMENTS. I just had one.
walking in the rain for two hours listening to the goldberg variations does a lot to make you less pissed off.  not less righteously angry, but less murderous.  but if she does anything to hurt my friend there's going to be fireworks.  let me tell ya.  thank you lily, for burning me cd's :-)
Jason is being a total ass and is really really pissing me off! I told hi to go to hell. He came over univited and then had the nerve to ask me who i was on the phone with. god we broke up like a week ago.I HATE HIM SOO MUCH! Now hes all trying to be nice and sweet but thats only pissing me off more. Damn stupid mommas boy!
A boy from my schoo, Marcos, is in a coma right now and its pretty bad. I knew him (had a major crush) on him when i was little. It really got me thinking how random life really is, i cant belive someone could be laughing and fine one minute and gone the next? Its so unreal!
I'm so fucking angry at him right now. On top of that, I can't find any adequate angry chick music either for this occasion. Damn it! I really want to be a bitch to him tomorrow, and remind him that he does not have any sort of power or whatever you wanna call it over me. No fucking way-- he's just anothe pawn in Kelly's man game!
So I'm pretty pissed off right now at a former best friend. I mean, I honestly can't believe that she would cancel on me when we planned to hang out for like, an hour at the most. I've been pushed to the side before, but for a long-distance relationship through the internet? What the fuck? I can take a hint, and I hope she gets mine...
Can someone please tell me why guys are such jerks?  Why do they say one thing but mean the opposite?  Why do they lead girls on?  Why are they suck liars?  Why do they think they are so slick?
im getting more and more agrivated woth chiara every day!!!!! i wish i could quit completely like i did with the volley-ball team. i wish i didnt have to i have no time for sports:( :( :( *tear* ohh god elie malouf a.k.a mr ego is setting next to me.. ahaha wish me luck
I HATE RYAN HALL  I HATE THAT KID SO MUCH&lt; THAT FRICKEN BASTERD I HOPE YOU DIE OF HIGH COLESTERAL&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;WHAT DID I EVER DO TO YOU&lt;&gt;&gt;U BASTERD.
ummmmm well im in a pissed off mood as usual lol. i hate most people lately they r all two faced twats n i wish they'd grow the fuck up but nevermind hey, other than that im still alive so i should be greatful
i've always held this ideal of never being prejudiced no matter what, but it's really fucking hard right now...please, someone nice come visit
drop me in the toilet...cause im pooped  all kidding aside...i wish i could fall asleep...im so tired...but i cant fall asleep
once again, food items are strangely disappearing.  if you are eating my food, you better fucking stop it.
Why can't things look brighter for  me? I don't understand why my mother is being a bitch towards me I did nothing, or maybe its the fact that I do, do nothing. But thats not completely true I do, do stuff around teh house she just never sees it, because shes too busy not giving a fuck about anything but what she wants. -Char
uiuc lost. unc won.  by five fucking points.  came back from 15 to tie it up.  then lost.  i swear to god that the refs were on thier knees giving head to unc.  anyone talks shit about uiuc has the bottom half of a pool stick with not only thier name on it, but directions on how exactly i'm going to insert it into your heathenistic bodies.  thank you and good night.
Yeah today SUCKED cows! 1st jesse broke up with me, than i got an E and now im grounded for like ever!   annies over tho so thats good! and our fag concert is tonight... SWEEET    comment for one of the last times prolly...
Eugh. I want to go out today. Partly because I hate being stuck up here in this dull, dank little room. Partly becuse it means I can get away with eating less and exercising more. And hurrah for that!   Only problem is that the person I want to go and see has buggered off the face of the Earth...ok, so turned their phone off. Bollocks.
Hahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahaha sry, just look at my new mood icon thingy!"os's triangles" i love the one where he's angry.Hahah
It seems this is just not my century. The Talamasca is still bugging me. Vampires are riseing from the dead right left and center. Example, one of my early Fledglings has just turned up on my doorstep. I really do not need this. *sighs and rubbs eyes* all i want to do is to be left in peace but it seems I cannot even manage that. I will be back later and I shall inform you of all that has passed.
I AM SO MAD! Or, more accurately, I'm ANNOYED. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
I'm mad right now. My ugly annoying brother just threw a toy skeleton at me and it felt like someone slapped me. GRrRRRrr...
Hi. I'm bored. Well, that's no new thing, is it?&nbsp; Amber was over today, But my MEAN EVIL mom took her home early because I supposedly need an "attitude adjustment".&nbsp; And we weren't allowed to go bowling because "we would have taken too long". Yeah right. Just because she's my mom she acts like she rules the universe. Ha ha.
I AM SO MAD AT THE MOMENT!!!!!! ROAR! My mom is being evil (for once, HA), and she's making me do the dishes with ZACK!! ROAR!!!! I'm so sick of my evil mother.
The men of America don't need "remodeling", thanks very much.  What they  do  need is for you and every other male-basher on the planet to GET THE HELL OFF THEIR BACKS!
1)A plane ticket; 2)A cab driver familiar with London's streets; 3)A road map showing the quickest route to Nick Locking's flat so I can punch his goddamn lights out.
this afternoon mistaking it for the caretakers. so ya i eavesdropped and heard that the caretaker is moving on the 31. of what month? i don't know.where? i don't know. what i would like to know is if we are getting a new caretaker and if we are when the hell are we going to be informed about it.
I am so mad right now.  I lost my driving permit today.  So I didn't get to go driving.  I now have to pay $20 to the driving school because I didn't cancel within 24 hours.  Then I have to go to the DPS to get it replaced, and that costs $10.  I think I either washed it when I did laundry or it flew out of my pocket when I was in the school's convertible.  This is just my luck.
*sighs*  i've had exactly seven days of happy-happy-joy-joy and then i just have to go screw it up. i don't understand why i can never say the right thing (or why i end up saying it at the wrong time) this SUCKING FUCKS!!!!!  what the fecking hell is wrong with me anyway?
Bolee neschastnoy chem seychas i segodnya ya sebya eshe ne chuvstvovala: polneyshaya appatiya vperemeshku s bessiliem, plus len' i chuvstvo goloda! Kogo bi nadurit kak sleduet!??? Bous' kak  bi sama i ne popalas' v lovushku :)
OMG, I just spend over half an hour writing a HUGE post about my thesis and the whole ordeal I went through yesterday and I went to add a username to the post and the page went back to the homepage. I was like WTF! and went backwards and forwards, but it's gone! That huge and detailed post that took me like 45 mins to compose is just gone! *sobs angrily*
Sometimes he makes me so angry...but that is ok! I am really trying to be understanding, really.&nbsp;But if he keeps this   up....oh, i don't even want to think about it. &nbsp;I hate high school.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I decided to keep the Fire Dragoyle because it was too hard to sell, and Bacon suggested I should buy a petpetpet :o So I bought a Moach. I forgot how FREAKING LONG it takes to attach them :K    NOT trying out moods this time :K
So apparently she is still insisting that I am at fault. Well with no police intervention... good luck with that one. I was going to be nice and not file a claim against her, I mean after all, she did hit me...but now, yeah, I am pissed. As spoken so profoundly in one of the great cinematic achievments of your time, The Breakfast Club, "Don't mess with the bull, young man. You'll get the horns.".
Im wicked pissed off today cuz of bullshit that i didnt even do. I dont want to get anyone else involved so im just going to keep it that way. I cant even think straight im wicked pissed so im just going to do my hw to calm down. Bye
okay ppl i am really upset about something. i made some icons at hp_icons and they were of my own work and i worked really hard on those and one of the mods deleted it and said i was an imposter. i don't think that's fair at all. can you please tell me why you did that.  ~ jessi
I AM SO FUCKEN PISSED OFF! I JUST TYPED THE lONGEST ENTRY EVER AND IT DELETED THE ENTIRE FUCKEN THING!! GRRRRRRRRRAGHH!!!!!!!!!!! GFUTAI($#%U&(#@*$!! neways...i like someone! he makes me very happy :-D!! i think im going to tell him!
Could someone tell me what the FUCK was wrong with that pitch? Or, generally, with the home plate umpire? Pretty crappy umpiring tonight in general, I must say...
My fantasy team is already sucking. While my main man Carlos Beltran apparently hit the cream cheese out of the ball today, my starting pitcher (L. Hernandez) is posting a  13.50  ERA (7 ER/4.2 IP). WHAT THE HELL?
People are back, which makes things less boring.  On the bright side, things are not boring any more.  On the not-so-bright side, there is less chance of me killing a Gryffindor and stuffing it into the closet before Blaise finds me.  Then again, we will only be here for several more months anyway.  After that...  Those of you who have offended me, watch your backs.  I am a vengeful God.
yah know what yall ... SHIT!!!! just SHIT !!!  I am in a SHITTY mood!  Because I can be.  I am discrunteled damn it.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!  I'm on the Muse mailing list (did you think I wasn't?) and they just sent out an email with the dates for the Curiosa tour which they are a part of.  Well my heart jumped when I saw this:   August 18th - Salt Lake  City, UT: USANA Amphitheatre  Only to remember that they are leaving the tour after the August 15th show in Texas.       I am so mad.
Something I came across and its quite disturbing...that video of the palestinians laughing and cheering...well Palestine made a statement saying that wasn't them, they have been under constant attack so the majority of their people have been staying inside. In other words they are claiming that video isn't of them. Now comes the question on who to believe...
ok some person just prank called my house! there was like gurls giggling all in the background while the main sat there and asked stupid questions... yeah hmmm ... for one i dont appreciate anyone foning and making asses out of themselves! wow gurls that was sooo fucking productive! hope you had a good time bet nest time you wont be so lucky. its never a good thing to piss me off!
380 tons of missing arsenal.   If there was no other reason to get him out of here, this is it. And he is completely blowing the whole deal off. No one is talking about how this happened, except the Democrats. All he can talk about is how good the war is going. Guess he's not watching the 'tv screens' and reading the 'internetS'  Incredible!
Which cult classic badass are you? by   rook901        Name/Username           Sex      Yes No Undecided       Favorite Eating Utensil           You are:                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !
I am so incredibely  angry right now! AHHHHHHHHHHH.  I hate: Mr. Scully school my sister my dad my cat's meow homework ecology and other things that I just can't think of right now...  Today was boring. Let's pray for a better day tomorrow.
I finally got to see the ending to kingdom hearts and the secret ending ^_^ FRICKING SWEET!!!! is all i have 2 say.......stupid skool
why does everyone have to be fucking rude to me i don't know what i did to them but why? i really don't deserve it comment if you want
This is a  private post , all comments are to be directed to the       ec_journals      Apparently, my memories have led me astray. I am not Cain. Instead, my mother was Medea.  And Clark is lost to me. He committed the ultimate betrayal and I shall never forgive him.  I'm going back to L.A.   I'm going back to Mark.  I'm going home...
This is a  private post , all comments are to be directed to the       ec_journals      Why didn't I check the water?  I escalated the problem because I didn't  think  to check the bottle of water.  That's why it took so long for Mark to crash. It's also why he crashed so  hard .  Stupid...
Fucking 2 faced cheating bitch ......... x StEpH x 56: umm hey buddy I wasn't gonna move away...i missed him we havent seen eachother in a while and we were wicked good friends for a long time soo umm nope i wasnt gonna move away         .....tonight sucked the biggest largest fucking balls ever what a fucking skank ahhh BITCH fuck that shit
My mom slapped me for no damn reason.  My nephews were bing idiots and they might not get christmas presents.  Thats a stupid reason because they just acted up tonight.  I know this is short but I'm so pissed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
double enculé même, il a appellé ses enfants :  Philotée Bérénice Thaïs Amédée Eulalie Faustine Jérôme-Aristide Angélico   ça se fait trop pas !! :oP
Well another Valentine's day come and gone, and i still hate it with a passion. this year however, I'm more angry at myself. I'm gonna tell a story that I'll prolly regret telling later on... oh well. No names will be mentioned in the re-telling of this story.
Yep, didn't get the job in Philly either.  Got to love the efficency rating I have right now.  I am done...
why does one of the best people in the world have to die?  i know when people die we talk about what a great person they were and all the shit but in this case its true and everyday i see more and more how great he really is.  i just dont understand.
Am I the only one having difficulties staying LOGGED ON to LJ?  WTF is this?  It is most definetely annoying, every time I load another page in LJ, it logs me off.  I CANT CHANGE MY PICTURE!!! AHHHHHHHHHH!
finished the video...all edited and everything. i handed it to a teacher who shall remain nameless.  me: here ya go, all done -video plays...and ends- him: oy vey  how's that for a confidence boost? i love school.
Hate. HATE! Hate. Why? Why must it take 1 hour and waste 13 trees just to print one stupid, one-page document?  *stab*  I wonder if I can convince my boss to replace these dumb lame-ass (not to mention outdated) PCs with the new super-cool iMac g5s? ha.
WHAT THE *extremely long string of expletives in various languages*!  S$180 for a damn tourist visa?!?! When my sister travelled to Seattle, her visa only cost S$50. DAMN YOU OSAMA!  DAMN YOU !
I  still  don't feel good, I'm about 3 hours into my day and it's been going  extremely  crappy.&nbsp; My food for lunches the remainder of the week has been eaten by one of my stupid ass roommates, and I have no time to go replace it.&nbsp; I hate people.
I am so sick of my co-worker's whine.  Fucking get over it.  Either go on the damn vacation or shut up.  It's supposed to be fun not a chore.  Grrrrrr.
Sometime between Saturday night and Sunday afternoon, someone broke off the radio antenna from my car. It looks like someone used a wire-cutter like thing on it.
MmmmM! I just love how on a day of the highest of highs          you can make me feel the lowest of lows.    Bye.
My fucking writing journal (aka: 1.5 years in development on a novel) was in my now lost backpack.  Hate the world.
just got home from tmol with ivan.. so sleepy.. just had a talk with ivan while eating then we played at egg..  almost a week na.. even more! d k tlga lm kung fit b or ndi! i gues not?   i think love works because of trust.. sying i love you to someone u dont trust s lying!  Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation..
Ok since when am I EVER up at this unGodly hour?? I got up early to study for my 7am final, and what do you know...WebCT is down for maintenece until 5am. Hello?! Its past 5am and its still not up! GOD! I am awake for nothing! And not to mention my own personal needs, I have to get a good grade in order to get a B, and this bullshit WebCT is PISSING ME OFF!  ERRRRRG!
Well on Monday it was 2 years for me and Linzi. I knew it was 2 years because I had a alarm set to tell me it was Me and Linzi's ann. It was set at 11:15. well happy anniversary Linzi! ok pooh bear thats it! Love you 1115
**Do not call my cell phone anymore**  I bought a new one today. Pretty, color screen... With AIM on it and whatnot... GOt a nice plan on it also... So If you want my new number just ask, I'm obvisouly not going to post it here... Thanks.
i guess nobody care enough about earthquakes to post about them anymore. i started this big diet, but i got mad and had a lot of junk food today.
I DO NOT KNOW YOU....BUT I AM AN CHIE ANDALUSIAN. ----------GAME OVER-----------------GO OUT-----------
There is only one thing more frustrating then not knowing how to fix something such as a computer program. And that is realizing how to fix it after the due date.  Yep, that's right I figured it out, problem was it was due by midnight so I'll get whatever I get for what I had.  To think all I had to do was add 1. Ahg, it isn't fair. It is always something simple.
well i back from mothers house and i had a great time. The best part of the trip was seeing my best friend.i found out that her phone was broken and that is where she stored my number. so every thing is running smoothly for now. i feel so rested i have slept for 4 nights in a row now for more then 4hours. well any way gotta go  later
he just unblocked me,   " you only ever depress me"  left again.  unblocked me again,  "do us a favour, dont text me, or call me or email again ok :)"  tried to tpye you bastard, you fucking bastard, but he had already gone, blocked me again  thats it another worthless part of my memory blacknd and rotten, i hope hes happy, very fucking happy.
Muslims have been getting it wrong.  This link  reveals the error of their ways . Do you really believe an immortal and all powerful being cares whether you eat pork or not?
it's gone. everything, my computer, just erased, my ipod. oh my god. it's all gone. every cd in my collection was in that thing and it was all just erased.....  DAMMIT!!
hey everyone whats going on?well we have had two snow days i miss nick like crazy & every time i get on to talk to him he is getting off:~(grrrrrrr:~(he didnt even tell me bye the first time!ooo well something must of happend!well i am going to go watch AMERICAN IDOL!!!YAY!!MAYBE I WILL GET TO TALK TO NICK SOMETIME TONIGHT~~~TALK TO YA LATER!!!LOVE YA,SARAH!!
I hope he burns in hell with never ending agony and torment beyond his wildiest dreams..   http://www.nbc4i.com/news/3983630/detai l.html
there is sand in my mouse and my pc microphone is missing and my DC Talk CD has been missing since Kiama  but never mind, i wouldnt want to enter your precious little world, id just ruin everything, its all my fault right? thats why you're hurting me this badly right?
You know that you had no right to say that Ben? NONE. And it is seriously FUCKED that you would ever bring that up. You dont know shit ok? What is with people feeling the need to keep reminding us about what happened? Wanna turn the knife another way please!?! This is getting way too fucking old ok? Just leave it now. I dont want to hear about it or think about it ok!?
just in case anyone wants my opinion (obviously my mom doesnt), the incredibles is a great movie. it looks very kiddish from the trailers and maybe thats why it was so funny, but you should still go see it. pixar is on a roll...
its just one of those days  when i thought everything was going right and came home to find everything wrong  oh well its another night to go out and party and pretend that i am having fun  in all reality i am having fun, you just dont know it :)
" Bush the Butcher " - the name we should all start using whenever discussing Chimpy McSmirk.  Might just start a world wide trend.  I know I'm going to start using it.
How peeved do you think I have to be to write that I'm peeved on livejournal.....?   Well, I'm just that peeved.  Yes, I still read livejournal.
Still got that stupid comm essay to finish.  Goddammit why don't you just DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE!!!!!
shitshitshit pulled hip flexor again; fourth year in a row I'm going to be injured for at least part of track season
Well, I talked to cur bur this morning then i went to  church and out to eat...the service sucked at the restaurant we went to..i'm probably going to sit around and waste life today...I just LOVE living in Somerset, its a dream come true...throw away my old life and i have a GREAT NEW ONE!!.......NOT
Wow some people don't know when the fuck to leave me alone. Do they? LOL What the fuck is up with that shit!
i hate my freaking life.hate him.hate him.rot in hell you jerk,you freaking asshole.all he does is make me feel stupid...you are so pathetic.if you could just read this journal...well...  FUCK YOU...  God...i feel so demented...
update since page got back... they put mice in her room... it is ov... if a mouse comes in my room...
Here's the Capricorn horoscope for Friday, April 1st, provided by Astrology.com:    You've been highly emotional for a day or so, and it's not stopping. So if someone tries playing an April Fools' Day joke, you may fall for it, but they'll hear about it -- and you won't be smiling.    That is all. Don't expect to see me on again. I just thought that this was pretty fucking amusing.
I need to work......ugh...it's 11.......*more grunting/growning noises  I need to be a better person, any suggestions?
BPD  really sucks.  I mean, it's a sad state of affairs when a family gathering must be left early due to a meltdown... and the 3 year old isn't the one having it.    I need a weekend from my weekend.
You know Christy must have some "really" great friends. Today IS her birthday and none of you wrote anything nice to her let I see that you all took the time to write to Kat and Patrick on their b-day. So from me to everybody who didn't seem to give a rats-ass thanks for nothing!
She's blaming me for something I didn't do.  I didn't even * know * she had that journal, why would I tell her parents?  God.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!  today was good and awful... i don't feel like talking about anything cuz ill get even more stressed so yeah...  ccd party was awsome!!! hahaha!! we were wild!!  im gonna go. bye &lt;3  &lt;3 Beth   it's amazing how fast your life can change.
AAARRRGGGHHHH!!!!!! I HATE THIS!!!! I just another really long survey but I accidently clicked out of the window and closed it!!! I failed!!!!!!!!
Try to be nice and they are asses and idiots. Especially these kids that think they know all about the world!
HATRED   My uterus  HATES  everything, including me.  My stomach  HATES  everything, especially the idea of eating.  I  HATE  my paper that's due later today.   HATRED
i don't think you get it. or you just ignore it.  but it's still there.  i wish  it  was still there too.
I am so mad I could SCREAM!  AAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!  That's (not much) better &gt;:(  BLANCHE GOT A LEVEL FROM COLTZAN'S SHRINE!! OPALGIRL26 WAS TALKING TO HER WHEN SHE FOUND 1,100 NEOPOINTS!!  AAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!  I hate you bubbles2003_neo (what a dumb name!)!! I hate you!
this is the biggest pice of shit ever. I swear i dont know how this can be done. Im so mad. oh god. i so sick off all this shit.   anyways if you have something to say to me leave a message here or on MNS casue i cant check my emil~ YAY :(
UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH H !!!!!!!!!!!!!  Why is it that when I think something is going along really nicely, it falls spectacularly to pieces in front of my eyes?  In the big scheme of things, it's nothing major, nothing life threating, just something  EXTREMELY  annoying.  I need a hug.
There is a person who goes by the name of "ea_spouse" that wrote a one-sided and very skewed look at the inner workings of Electronic Arts. I'm preparing my take on this whole mess. Look for it tomorrow.  Note: My opinions are my own and have absolutly NOTHING to do with EA, it's management etc. etc. etc...
So I had to sit alone again, at an empty round table. I hate having to eat fast so I don't have to sit alone. It's not that I only wish my friends would sit there again, I think I really miss my old Asbury friends who have graduated. I wish I was among them...
my freinds didnt come to get me this morning. im stuck at my house. guess i dont get to take finals. problem is...i was supposed to spend the day with nikki..... now i have no way of getting ahold of her... i swear me and nikki have like seriously bad karma or something.....  garrrgghhhhhhh and stuff
I absolutely love how, for whatever reason, duckweb says that my registration time is different than it originally said. So, now my registration time is during a 3 hour long class that I have on Wednesday. EFF!
pretty much all of my friends here are irresponsible coke head douche bags.    asdkjlfdfl    if you're going to be in worcester tonight give me a call cause i will too. 508.207.5029    in other news, ..............i guess there is no other news. later
Wow, English bites! Right now we are in Shakespear and... I have a B-. I dont think I have ever had a grade that low. Grr, that makes me angry. I gotta see if he will give me some extra credit. I sure as heck dont wanna take finals in May.
Going to bed now. But gonna update this later.  Majour things going on between Fionn and I.   Oh apparantly I was getting off with Jayne!  Oh and buying loads of drinks at the bar!
FUCK \FCUVBFJKDFSPJIFDSOFXJVDFV CXV    FUYCKING JUST DELTED MY FUCKING THINGS.\FUCKING HATE COMPTUERS\
I made green cupcakes... and they are digusting.  Today isn't good. I can feel it.  Jennifer is coming with the babies.  BUBBA!! BOO!!! PEANUT!!! YAY!! I LOVE TO PLAY WITH THE BABIES!
JROCK MEETUP!   Okay I think it should be on february 12th. Ellie? Shanon? Melissa? Jessie? anyone? is that okay with you guys? Anyone waana come? it'll be fun! MSG me or something  okay I'm out  ~ Resident evil 4 time!!
Oh damn, someone hacked into one of my  neopets  accounts. What the hell? Not much money in it but lots of different items and two rare, painted pets. *cries* Hackers are so mean!! :(
so...NOWHERE sells the hello goodbye cd. that sucks. bad. its after 3 am and im still awake, and i have to be at work at 10:30. im screwed. so im going to bed.     sepa-separation seem-seems a sad crime
how long has she been your girlfriend? does that mean you've already cheated on her with me? i saw her webpage. "my boyfriend justin" you fucking lying piece of shit. "oh no i dont want a relationship" whatever.
Gavin showed up but he didnt bring pokemnon blue! I FUCKIN HATE HIM! I looked at im through the peep hole in our door and when i saw he hadnt got pokemon blue i locked im out! HES STILL OUT THERE! HES A RIGHT GROTTY LITTLE WANKER AS ME NAN WOULD SAY!!!!!!!1111.  I just hope me mam dont go out there and see him.
God. I'm in a FOUL mood! &gt;:(  Combination of Headache, shit 80's CD put on by Sid, massive bruise on my leg caused by walking into my bed last night, leaking cylinder, leaking valve, another leaking valve, entire morning's work screwed up, something has bitten my legs all over, Duncan cleaning sieves out right in my ear and just generally GAAAAH!  And it looks like the lab spider has moved on.
You are an OOMPA LOOMPA! You are the most evil and foul being to walk this earth. Get therapy! And stay away from my family!      Monkey? Pizza? Death? Oompa Loompa?     brought to you by  Quizilla     this is just not ok...im not hapy wiht this at all...fuck you becca im not evil haha
Well today was large group. It was definity not one of my better days. I feel at least 6 times no exageration. I also dropped my flute and my dad didn't pick me up at 7:15 like I told him to. So I had to stand outside w/o a jacket and wait for him to come. Today was not fun. Band sucks.
I HATE COLLEGE..i sent a check to a wrong college and a college called be about how they didnt recieve my SAT scores..even thou i did..i can prove it..i told my mom i sent out an application even thou i didnt
So I agreed to work for Asheley at my work at 630am. It was fun but I was slow and stupid at everything cause I had never done any of it before.  Oh well. 7 and a half more hours on my next check should look good. It was an ok day. Later on I heard some shit which pissed me off, oh well.  People owe me money, I'll go collect in liek an hour.    fuck
http://www.mnairsoft.org/cgi-bin/ultima tebb.cgi?ubb=get_topic;f=38;t=000312   Reading that just makes me angry, I don't know why stupid people make me angry lately but they do. They act all down towards rice yet if you read they are all pretty much stupid fucking ricers.  I should reply with that but I think they might get mad.
Found this on       progressives     A couple had filed a lawsuit after finding out that their son was being taken out of kindergarten classes and brought elsewhere for  Bible classes .
Something I guess I'll never understand. Where is the logic in me getting scolded by my parents for spending money (about $85) from my own bank account? Apparently there is some logic in it but I fail to see it.
putang ina mo sa lahat ng gawin kong masama, sobrang mong pinapalaki ewan ko ba syo wala na akong pakialam kung ignore mo ulit ako nagpaliwanag na nga... putang ina!
culture of life my ass! he talks about stems cells, but of course nothing about abortion.  fucking liar and deceiver.    lets pass a constitutional amendment against gay marriage, but not work to reduce poverty.  asshole.
I have been trying to get into my e-mail since last night BUT every time I try to I get a message which tells me that it's an illegal operation or something like that. So I guess I won't be replying to anyone's comments unless they are made in my journal. I will TRY to reply to them as soon as I can.   *Grumbles*   ^V^ Painwithin ^V^
Just remembered the name of the type of car, Monte Carlo, wonder why Silverado came to name.. thats a truck.
parents are so retarded...grr...theyre like..always frikkin being overprotective n shyt....y dont they just leave me the fuck alone....jesus....lol..anyways...idk....u gh....
I HATE WHEN I CANT GET TO SLEEP! I HAVE A TEST AT 8 AM AND IM NOT GOING TO BE ABLE TO SLEEP TONIGHT!IM IN SUCH A FREAKIN BAD MOOD RIGHT NOW! IF I COULD I WOULDNT GO TO SCHOOL TOMORROW . UGH IM SO MAD RIGHT NOW..................................... .............................
or looks like it. re:       kai_z   's  political rant  post, i think mass exodus should begin right about now even less encouragement for me to ever come back to this country
ENJOY!!!   ["Why Does God Hate Caribou?  Drill for oil and screw Alaska's wildlife? Why, sure, all part of the imminent Rapture!"]   http://www.sfgate.com/columnists/morfor d/
I hate this...no I don't feel like explaining I just feel like ranting.  I can't think anymore without my damn feeling interfering in all my desiscions....     I'm so confused
It seems to be impossible to put a picture here... or am I ju7st dumb? (probably the second option! ;P)     What about now?  Can anybody see anything?
now that i think about it; i'm really pissed. that was fucked up, for more reasons than one. fuck this.
Today was an okay day. I am going crazy though.. I had a birthday party today, it went well.. Got a few cute things..  I am going crazy with not talking to Caleb, I am going crazy with all these rules, and I need to fucking get a job and go to school where I can have my privacy…  I’m fucking angry right now.
... Then approximately 1/4 of the world's 6th grade girls come within an inch of being murdered by their teachers every day.   Please note:  I have not yet been tempted to strangle.  Just kick.
i dont like midterms.... 2nd semester is gonna rock -------trade Ap gov with history w/ ray and econ with gym....  tom french......w/e   today- econ way too hard...and lit made my hand hurt  yuck!!- cant wait for friday...  goin to get a lickin from french
http://www.cnn.com/2005/US/03/08/trucke r.rules.ap/index.html   Oh maybe they've never spent 16 hours behind the wheel of a vehicle. Silly me.
not that it really matters... but comment to be added... I only removed one person as it were anyway.
Does anyone else ever want to take their cell phone and throw it at the wall so hard that is smashes into a billion pieces?  if I were an animal right now, id be an attacking tiger, stalking my prey.
Wow, I'm getting a lot of shit and cheers over this Mikly Way Thing. I did know people was reading this. Get A Life people! Who cares what I think?  I'm going to KFC and get some BBQ Chicken Wings. You all can fight it out yourselfs. I quite.
Hello world,  I am alone and I hate myself (I know,how very gothic of me)  Fuck you all  I hate you  Good night  Love always,  Felicia
BLOGGER IS BROKEN!!!  STOMPING AROUND!!!...KICKING THINGS....YELLING BAD WORDS!!!  I'M ANGRY!!!  I WANT TO POST!!!  I CAN'T POST ON MY BLOG!!! I'M REALLY REALLY MAD!!!  AAARRRGGG!!!
you grrrrrrrrr make me so fuckin upset so this is it. bye lissa. im going to stop thinking about u and im gunna try to erase u from my memories cuz u dont want me in yours so good bye.   --im sorry im just really angry....
No matter where you go They'll fucking tie you down And bleed you from your wrists Well, it's better that we leave Leave it this way  And just to soften the blow I'll steal all of your kisses And sew them up In the creases of our hearts.
everyone has such interesting little quizzes in their journals! So I decided to do some before I am computer-less till Monday...
Damn, I'm fucked up with all this chaos bein' in my head, surrounding me... Don't know what do to... What's that all mean? Damn, I need to sleep, sound sleep. Yeah... I'm goin' to sleep for a while. No more coffee and sleepless nights!
Ares is such a fucking asshole. At least Ion alerted me to his horse's situation in time. But, fuck. Gods. I hate that bastard.
Eve's a stupid, selfish little shit, so now all of us are gonna be locked away and miserable for a week. Ya know, I'll be fine, just hole myself up in this little corner and poke needles into little fuzzy creatues. But there are a great deal of people with less clever ways of dealing with unresolved unhappiness. Eve? You. Suck.
I. Am going. To kill. My father.   ... Right after I give Thanatos these piercings. Eeeeeeeeeeeeeh. I... don't exactly feel right about it. But he looks so sad. Damn. Damn damn damn.
is it unreasonable to miss two days of practice to visit a college so you can determine where you're spending the next four years of your life? plus:  i was demoted, but i'm not sure how i feel about it yet  rough day to start the week... although i did get paid today, and yes kate, you hit the nail on the head in terms of how i will be spending this money...
FFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCK KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!  I hate labwork!  Especially if stuff fails and screws up on you when you're thisclose to done!
YEAH, IT'S SATURDAY. ONE MORE DAY, THEN IT'S LIKE SCHOOL AGAIN.  ACTUALLY, THIS BREAK HAS KIND OF SUCKED SINCE I'VE HAD TO HANG OUT WITH MY RELATIVES AND STUFF. THANKSGIVING IS THE WORST HOLIDAY EVER &gt;:(  AND I'M ANGRY AT YOU
Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    Reggae               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
whoa i just spent 30 minutes typing this entry and it got deleted and now i am sad and want to cry. dude it was done. and long and sweet.
I wish i had a FUCKING hard drive in my head, so i could FUCKING delete shit.  Be so FUCKING convenient.
Right now there is a bench infront of the steps to my parents porch. On that bench is a sheet of paper that says "Wet Paint! Please leave mail here. Thank You!"   Yet the mail lady felt it was appropriate to walk across the newly painted porch to put the mail in the mail box. Is she daft? Is she suffering from some sort of mental deficiancy?   Yes, I think she is.
stalking my own anger, it seems to be one step ahead though i always step on its heels. never turning to face me it mocks that i follow its lead and have no control to step back until i must rest
I have the new Eminem CD  it is angry and funny..  We get along very well.  there I go.. thinking of you again  You dont know how sick you make me you make me fucking sick to my stomach.. everytime I think of you I puke  you must just not knoooowowowowowowow YOu may not think you do but everytime I think of you I puke
All of my fellow Buckeye freaks out there should check out www.michigansux.com  And.... to the idiot who anonymously posted the "in Lou we trust" smart-ass remark along with the "picture".... next time shave that thing before you put it out there for all to see.  I clicked the little red "X"
"You will have to contact Telia to have your phone number moved back to them. Best wishes Broadband company" Can somebody hand me a torch? I'm gonna kill them. They mess my phone up with inadequate information and then they have the stomach to have me clean their mess up? Fark you all to heck.
Its great feeling like a doormat.  She just could've called and let me know, but no. i run around and waste gas while she spends some quality time with asshole.  excuse me for being bitter. not a perminit thing, i just still feel like shit from lastnite and my wrist hurts from where john wrenched it, then i get left hanging by ash and cant get ahold of trish. mmm funzies.
I AM 68% GOTH!      Oh My Goth! You Goth, Girl. There is a  good chance I am bi. Freakiness pumps through my viens, but I can still laugh at myself.   Take the GOTH test at Fuali.com       Tattoo smarts but still looks badass...
"It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends on his not understanding it."  -- Upton Sinclair.
He does, nothin more really to say about it. I will sum John Kerry up in one or two statements.   Kerry is a tree huggin', liberal, fag lovin', flip-flppin' old man that has Heinze shootin' out his ass.   ahh, did it in one...  to sum up, I'll leave it with this:
i've said it before and i'll say it again  THE CATHOLIC CHURCH IS A COLLECTION OF UTTER, UTTER TWATS  (in reference to some dickhead cardinal claiming that using a condom makes you more likely to get AIDS.  *please* will someone just ban organised religion?)
If the world was to burn away into nothingness right now I wouldnt see it as a bad thing....  oh yeh and Im feeling horrible today, poorly aswell.
Okay so who's gonna buy me a fridge for my birthday? I got another one today and it smells like mold and it's fucking disgusting even after i cleaned it. I don't want to put any food in that thing.
so I think my refrigerator is dying. nothing in my freezer is frozen anymore and my fridge isn't cold...i'm pissed. if i have to throw away all my food someone is going to die. i actually probably do have to throw away some things already, but i'm too lazy to check.
Well, back at college today. It was crap and depressing, I have bugger all to write about today. Had an inexplicable rage this evening, which can maybe be put down to sleep deprivation, I dunno. Maybe tomorrow will be better.
How does one go about analyzing and discovering symbolism in a story or play?  Can you teach someone to be better at analyzing symbolism?  If anyone knows the answer I would be much obliged...
I got to thinking, now that we have our Straight Superiors, are we going to State Marching Festival?   This week will be dreadful.  I don't want to go to school.
The wonderful neighborhood hoodlums have been chucking ice balls at people, cars, and houses. They stand in packs on the corner and scream instead of talk to each other. All night. I wonder where their parents are.
I know this may be stupid to do on an all girls livejournal page but...  I HATE GIRLS!  They are heartless and fickle and can't take criticism and just over-all suck.  Sorry, hard night.  Kate: thanks for the talk again.  I know you hate generalizations, but there have been way too many "I Hate Boys" posts chillin.
wow some really fucking immature people need to stop, think, and ask themselves why they are spreading ridiculous rumors about me. yeah. fucktards
no one makes me as angry or hopeless as you do.      yet, no one makes me as sublimely happy and in love as you do.     must be the duality in me.
Bush has been re-elected and the world stands in shock. Six pages (if not more) of the Swedish newspaper I get was about the US election. And now Kerry has conceeded and Bush has once more won. Four more years of bullshit. Bush stands 'proud' and talks to the nation, as though he won by a landslide. Half the country wanted you out of the office, f***er!
That's it.. I suck.. totally.. (except the fact that I am happy whenever I see a book.... not that I'll read it, but I am just happy to see the cover.) Nothing is really good about me..   and by the way, I'm a perverted jackass with a sick mind!  oh.. and plus! I look like shit..    I'm angry.. but not sad..
Just checked my friends list. First thing on there.  This  link from       stokerbramwell   .  What is wrong with people? Seriously what.
How are we suppose to advertise the farking Mad Lan when the website is down.  Farking stupid farking rah rah rah  /rant  Its on the 17/05/03 if anyone really cares
hey i just wanna shout out to you bitches and hos that i am the ultimit! i had a press confrince the other day to say im sorry but im not you bitches! sequin wearin' barbie doll playin' will and grace watchin' bitches!
we got smashed. we suck. em, thanks for coming. boys rock again and girls can't even fly like dumbo.  i am pissed.  stupid habitat. i just want to dissolve the club. it's not a club! i actually want to quit. and all the people at sonoma county can screw themselves.  i am beyond pissed.  let's just STOP
Three nights in a row now I've sat down and typed out big long livejournal posts about what's going on in my life... and every time I hit the Update Journal button I get a message saying that my journal is read only because there's some problem with something or another on the server.  It's really starting to piss me off.
Yes, that's it, Monday is insane. I have some home work to do, but not alot. I want to do something with Tim. Mabey I should talk to him? Anway, my math teacher is making me write a 200 sentance paper becuase I forgot my home work. I looked for it, I just whrote it down diffrentley in my agenda. What a prick. I hope tommrow well be good. Pompus ass.
Well, I am massively pissed off. Someone has stolen my bicycle lights, and want I *really* want to do now is find out who did this, and commit some GBH, with the possibility of murder. The only thing is, I am an outsider to the group of morons who I think did this, so I cannot find out who. Time for blue steak tonight, methinks. That always calms me down.
Pissed with Dante at the moment. Attacked my pistachios and tossed them around the den. Frickin crushed and chopped pistachios all over the carpet.  Bleedin' cat thought it was catnip.  Annoyed with people...   Now she's trying to be nice. She knew she was wrong..
so, when all you do in a day is cry because you can't make sense of stuff and people shout at you for no particular reason, do you feel like hidding in a dark corner hoping you will blend in with the darkness and not get noticed? HELL YEAH!
i lost my best friend~  i have nothign to do now!  ppl who i thought actually cared turned out not to at all  i hate mi. ppl r so gay  wut do u think about a lil change/relocating?  alabama?
Looks like our triad with J is all but dead.  Instead of getting help, she ran away, and is in hiding.  This is her way of dealing with problems, and the problems are not related to us.  She broke her vows however, and is puting us thru hell, and seems to care little about it.
I missed 4 parties on Saturday  You guys suck for not telling me....  If there's a party tell me:) I'll make it alot better.  hmmm...comment about next parties:)  please&gt;:o
So, this week sucks.  One, didn't get into GSA, which sucks.    I have just made a very important decision.  I am moving out.  I don't have to take this abuse anymore, and theres nothing she can do about it.  I get the last laugh.  "You try to control me But you can't hold me You don't own me." -Thousand Ft Crutch  I also don't think I can go to Icthus.  It sucks.
I can't do it again..  I can't watch Shindler's List again.  My soul hurts and my face burns with tears..  I can't do it again..
I am in such a foul mood. SOme idiot was fucking with my film when it was on the processor and now there is light bleed all over my Negs. The fucking assignment is due tonight but that dumb bitch fucked up my negs. I only salvaged one roll of film but the others are all screwed. Want to scream at stupiupid people. Unfortunatly I am containing my self.
Why do I take your shit you push me around like I am your fucking puppet.......well you know what screw it...Fuck what I said it doesnt mean shit fuck everything I am just sick of it...fuck the way you treat me I am gonna get you back.....Fuck you, u whore I am gonna move out!
damn today is alright i am taklkin to my baby on the internet and i am going to get in a fight with my bestfriend its all good. dont really feel like putting much so see ya  I LOVE U JOY
i am so mad right now and its like no one cares at all...i cant wait to leave, im just so sick of it...no one knows, and it seems no one cares even to listen, so why bother?
&nbsp;I made this for my sister along with a Oliver one if photobucket works. I'll get it on tomorrow.
The CIA flys people to countries with less rules to torture them...Course anyone with a clue already knew this, but hopefully it will get some more airplay.   http://www.smh.com.au/news/Global-Terro rism/Fresh-evidence-of-CIA-torture-netwo rk/2005/03/07/1110160758843.html
My favourite journalist - economics editor for the SMH Ross Gittins is battling the forces of evil (well the Australian Treasurer Peter Costello anyway)!  http://www.crikey.com.au/articles/2 005/03/007-0001-7085.html   Ross Gittins is the only journalist I know of whose opinion on something is worth trusting.  Go Ross!
i hate sophmore year, there is too much homework, and not enough time for socializing. This year totally sux to. first i had to quit ballet, i take jazz but the class is not good anymore, gentry is not my debate partner, and i have a C in AP. I want this year to end.
hey guys today is the worst day ever Alana is in the stupid hospital because she had a stupid seser and it is all my fault :'(      I am the worst friend ever Good Bye
im like really pissed. the lady who i bought the queenie lou letter set and deery lou loose sheets off told me she sent the package on the 20th and it still isnt here. if its lost im gonna go nuckin futs.i paid $8.50 for nothing. hopefully it will jus arrive late because of the holiday back up...
Bush wants ANOTHER 80 Billion for the war? FUCK YOU BUSH! How bout you fix OUR country first... ASSHOLE.
Today I got really mad at Tim!  He wanted to know, but I wouldn't tell him!  Grrr...he wouldn't even let me out of the classroom!
Fuck customers god damn stupid ass irrate piece of shit. Cypressroot will understand that statement entirely!
did i say hi mom......well i meant hi mom....and said the absoulute opposite goddammit...go to my site.. www.geocities.com/immortal_god_mech yup yup yup thanx bitchmonts of lots
Good god, I fucking hate my mother. Stupid, invasive little cunt.        We don't need no water, let the motherfucker burn
ahhh sooo bored now.. in icc waiting for the bell to ring.. lol. evan and i got a big fight last night. oh well. but yeah te bell is gonna ring. later
Yet again, something or someone throws a meaty spanner into the works and what should be a nice peaceful time, holiday, rest for my Cuz goes disastrously wrong.  It's not fair.  It sucks.  My Cuz is not happy ... therefore ... I am not happy.  (mumble)
I just realized that we did not do I-Flirtz this year!!!!  WTF I need to know which random boy I'm 90% compatible with!!!!
You know, "Fuck McDonald's" is really appropriate at any time of the day, but I think is has a special ring to it at 4 in the fucking morning.
I want to I want to be someone else or I'll explode Floating upon this surface for the birds The birds The birds You want me? Fucking well come and find me I'll be waiting With a gun and a pack of sandwiches And nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing You want me? Well come and break the door down You want me? Fucking come and break the door down I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready
GUESS WHO WANTS TO SLAUGHTER THE CRAP OUT OF THEIR BOSS? Yes, you guessed correct, me! Not only that, I wish to murder many fat people. No offense to others and such, but they shit me off so hard atm.
Broken hands, broken heart every sunday brand new start digging deeper in my skin tears of angels long since dead  And I stand- kneeling from the pain Forsaken wings, Never seem to fly Forgotten dreams, Always die.  falling fast, taking blame Devil, angels- all the same, Apology falling short, Wishful thinking fills the crack
why did everything change? everything was great, and the balance shifted. now nothing is the way is was, or how its supposed to be. in order to make it right again, i have to do something... but im still so scared... i wish i could just move. then everything could end, with the blame lying at some outside force, not at me...
i love you, but your all fucking MAD   lose yourself in the music, the moment, you want it...   two weeks and two days.... then its my birthday...   but i dont care... im not as excited as i usualy get..   WhAtEvEr
&nbsp;I played hookie from work and decided to go to the River Boat Casino with  Brian .  We went to the  President Casino  and I played Texas Hold Em.
Gee.. Whiz.. That's all I can say..  Sellin my car, tryna find a new one.. Wanna buy it? lol.  Yeah I dunno wot's up lately, everythings turned to shit, and i mean it.  Baaaaaaaaaah. Oh well that's life.  Will update again later.
Concrete Angel - Martina McBride...  By far the SADDEST video and song..ever.. i cried..you should all see it...makes ya think..
Just a brief moment, I could hardly tell whether it was amusement or embarrasment. I suppose I do put my emotions out there for the world to see.   Raw, black on white.   Intimate, personal moments turned into some sort of 'art'.   It is despicable; it is necessary. I'm sorry, my love.
When are people going to start thinking of MY needs for a change!!???  For fucks sake!!  Well im sorry, but this is it.  I am no longer going to put myself last. Its about time  i became a bit fucking selfish.
Last night Mindy, Becky and I went to g-rap..it was alright we were having fun until .... EVAN FUCKING BRIDWELL STOLE MY 300$ CAMERA.
Bob not happy anymore &gt;:( (better chris?)  Finding it very hard to cope with kt apparently now being 'best mates' with the bloke she left me for. I can't stand these feelings of jealousy and suspicion! Why did this ever have to happen in the first place?!  *quietly goes insane*
春色渐退遗残景，红消枝断绿难挽。 孽友叛侬毁情义，悔得当初错信依。   曾得众人相伴随，单纯真意带惜缘。 不惊觉，人叛之，后感悟唉， 人或因嫉心，不堪卿得意哉。 也悟，高处不得胜寒唉。
I have been so angry all day. Impatient with everyone at work, angry at the dysfunction, angry you will be gone another two weeks, stressed and angry about having no money, angry that my foot hurts. I don't really know where the anger has come from, or why it has come now. I don't handle anger very well, I don't understand it. ~your lunacie
Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, FUCK!!!!  give me something to destroy  every ounce of my body has turned to bloody hatred . . I have no reason why . . .shit pent up anger pent up frustration pent up annoyance my boiling point is almost reached
Real mature Frankie, block me. I don't care. Go tell all of our problems to your ex girlfriend. I'll go find my best "guy" friend and go cry on his shoulder and tell him how much you're being a jerk. I think I'll go see Greg.
Kayfin, that better be you experimenting with my password.  If not, then my Diablo account has been hacked and I have lost almost everything of value from all my characters.
I AM SO ANGRY!!!!!!!! DISAPPOINTED UPSET SICK TIRED ANGRY  i know i said i was done livejournaling, but i feel like i neeeeeeed to say this.  i want to, i don't know, start a revolution and PROTEST this ass of a president.  he is NOT MY PRESIDENT.  i can't stand it!  i want to scream!  i want to tell someone, anyone...something MUST BE DONE!  i cannot accept him.  i cannot.  i cannot.  i canNOT.
I honestly haven't been in such a bad mood in a long time.  I stayed up all ALL night studying for this stupid pharmaceutics exam, and I still failed it.  I want to cry but I'm too irritated.  I hate school. Grrr.
Damn you Keenspace! Answer me! Let me in! Im worth it! Ill work! Very hard! LET INDIE COFFEE INTO YOUR SYSTEM AND MAKE THE WORLD A BETTER PLACE!!!  Ok...Ill check the email now. If they havent replied, then Ill go into a spasm of anger. (or...stay in the one Im in)  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!  Or do they have set dates where they give out sites?   Grr.
OMG ARIA IS THE BIGGEST BITCH EVER!!!!  SHES SO MEAN AND SUCH A POO HEAD!!  AND SHE NEEVVVEERRRR LISTENENS!! AND ITS SOOOO ANNOYING!!!!
So I'm walking home in the dark, it's like one AM, and there . . . just lurking around . . . weird.  In other news, my power supply nearly exploded with melted plastic so I bought a new one and stuck it right in.  It worked fine.
Emily was mean to me today. Gail was running the vacuum, and Emily held me the whole time. It was really scary.. I was freaking out. I was shaking... what a mean owner I have.
yea me and  alyssa  are really mad we were in the same place and the same time seeing  wicked  and didn't even see eachother!...LySs28: thatsss like against the law! yea were pissed
she didn't do this to Ryan.  she didn't do this to Justin.  she didn't do this Bryn.  why does she have to be a stupid bitch and act like this to me.  at least Andrew's there to listen to me.
Just because I am deaf and have a 'disability' DOES NOT MEAN that my deafness is 'ABNORMAL', nor does it mean that I AM ABNORMAL!!!  GRRRR  Clear on that everyone?!   FOr those who are lost look up Tam's last 2 entries and responses!  GOD!
Just slightly angry. As in furious. I was asked to "no longer coach the (MS Lacrosse)team. We...feel that it is better that you not be at practice effective immediately." That's all right, though. I'll be fine. It's just a small chink in the armor. My problem, not yours. Don't comment on this. You try to comfort me, and I will cease to speak to you for several weeks.
im such a fuckin retard.  i cant wait to get the fuck out of here.  i wish may would come sooner.  i wish i didnt feel so much.  i hate to feel sometimes. why did i ever pick up the fucking phone.  why do i do this to myself. "im great."  well, good for you asshole.  dont you fucking deserve it.  i wish i could fucking hang up on YOU.
OMG it is snowing outside and well i am still stuck at school this is stupid i think that we should have went home a really long time ago...this is stupid i really want to go home...
So. Having taken a look at the Olamot con. GET IT INTO YOUR FUCKING HEADS! NOT EVERYONE LIKES STARTREK!  Fully 50% of the con is either Stam Drek or Buffy.  I said it before, and I'll say it again. Kick those Starbase idiots out. Let them have their own con, and leave us alone. Same goes for the Buffy people. They've taken over Icon already. Let the rest of us have at least one con for ourselves.
why is it that when you have a guy friend and you hang out with them all the time and now that you got a girl friend you don't or can't hang with us that is so FUCKED UP.
Ahh scholarships... scholarships. The bane of my existance. Why can't they just give me money?? Time to start buying lottery tickets. THAT GUY! IN VIRGINIA! He WON 239 MILLION DOLLARS!!!!!!!!!!! Damn! I want it. See ya, I'm moving to Virginia.
Ok kiddies. I don't know who will read this as I have only just got an LJ, but here we go anyway... ME AND JESSMIKA DID NOT BREAK UP. I DON'T KNOW WHO HAS BEEN SAYING THIS BUT ITS NOT TRUE. So to all of the people who said we did... FUCK YOU..... FUCK YOU ALL TO HELL... HATE... Thank you for your time kids. Sleep tight. Forever in your dreams,         Jacemon
EVIDENTLY, FOR SOME UNKNOWN REASON,       worsticon    HAS BEEN SHUT DOWN BY THE LJ GESTAPO. I RECEIVED NO WARNING, NO EMAIL, NOTHING. I HAVE BEEN TREATED BETTER BY NAZI POLICEMEN IN THE PAST.  PLEASE EMAIL  ABUSE@LIVEJOURNAL.COM  AND DEMAND TO KNOW WHY THE COMMUNITY WAS SHUT DOWN, AND SUGGEST IT BE PUT BACK UP.  THANK YOU.  -TFP
OMG!  Okay, these school computers are evil! I was on gaia and it keeps saying it can't reach the stupid site when I try and get to something!  I really hate these things!  I'm so mad!  cause I was talking to someone!  And now I can't unless I close the windows and reopen them.  It get's really annoying!
If any bastard liberals blame guns or any bastard conservatives blame heavy metal music for the shooting, I'll be pissed. I hate liberals and conservatives. I hate them hate them hate them hate them hate them both.  The kid was a goth anyway, nothing to do with metal. A the most, goth is emo-metal. Which of course means it sucks.
in related news: I am going to fail the test tomorrow, my father doesnt know how to square bi-nomials, and, oh yeah, i am totally fucked!   a distressed teenager said "i never thought that i would fall victim to technological dependance on such a trivial level. It's something distant for me, i know it happens to others, but i NEVER thought such a tragic event would effect  me  !"
Today on Dickhead's of NY, we're going to see how much more of a dick Bill Earnhart can be. With his increasing score from the last ten minutes, he's sure to be a winner today! whooo.
ok. so really quick...Myrtle Beach was awesome. Lots of fun stories to tell. Will save that for later entries.  HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALI!!! You are now 17 and I am jealous!!!   On the "Pissed-Off Scale" I'm registering a 10 point 2 right now---it only goes up to 5. Does that paint a picture for anyone???  Lauren  And again HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALI!!!
Well, I felt a lot better on Wednesday night, still coughing and sleeping badly. But i didn't go to school in the end.
Okay, people.  You've heard it everywhere, but I just had to say it again: VOTE!  NOW!  And if you're a Carleton student who lives off-campus, bring someone to vouch for you or you will be disenfranchised because the Republican lawyer at City Hall SUCKS ASS!  I am very angry and terrified.
i just made a new journal and i put the wrong email adress because im in a bad mood so i made a new one.......this is it...
i am very very angry.  i just wrote a long, witty, interesting journal entry, with paragraphs even, and then i was like, i want to italicize this word.  so i clicked the "rich text format" button that has been raved about, and everything disappeared.  and i'm too frustrated to rewrite it.  angry.
new learning experience of the day :  Being nice to people never gets you anywhere....you know what...its happened before...DBG is back...no more nice guy anymore....sorry its been due for awhile...and everyone beware...hes back out of retirement and upset.
whoever that anonymous person was, you called me anal and asked me to clean your microwave.  i was almost ready to keep it at the joke level if you had told me who you are.  but since you did not, i'm not going to let random ass strangers come on here and give me shit in my journal.  i get enough of that already, thanks.  i'll delete it when i have time after class.
back, and cousin is living in the house messing up all my stuff. i wanna bust open!!!!!grr, not smiley central isn't working. dang!!!
OK, I'm back, but I don't C what the use is 2 update this journal Cin' since no of U ever write a comment! I always leave comments 4 U's. Y doen't N E 1 like me? :`( ~Minxie~  Jesus rocks my world~
i am really sad because "The Way You Look Tonight" song is ruined! when i hear it now i cry! gosh i am loser! i talked to robert tonight he said that we should go shopping and i was like i can't even though my parents are gonna be out of town! gosh i am so damn old. MY SONG IS RUINED!
i am really sad because "The Way You Look Tonight" song is ruined! when i hear it now i cry! gosh i am loser! i talked to robert tonight he said that we should go shopping and i was like i can't even though my parents are gonna be out of town! gosh i am so damn old. MY SONG IS RUINED!
My brother and his girlfriend are visiting. This is horrible because I can't even use the computer in peace without each of them walking back and forth being nosy. My mother is talking to them right now and I can tell they are wondering what I am typing.  Well that's it for right now. I'll make another entry as soon as something exciting happens in my life.~_^
Jamie is really starting to make me mad. Anywys, I had a crappy weekend... I'll talk more about it all tomorrow.
im sooo happy guys i gots a man!!! damn he is fine!!!n he yelled at brandon today cuz brandon was tryin to fite me again!!! uh bitch!!i hate brandon!!!! i wanted to hit him sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooooooooo bad tonite at open gym!!! he is sooo fuckin annoying n he trys to act hard round people!!! uh!!!FUCKIN BITCH!!!  &lt;333333 ~BRIANNA~
What the hell was Nick Carter doing in Scottsdale, and me not finding out until today? I coulda stalked him!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!~
if this story is the result of poor background checking by the White House staff originally or what.  But check out the before and after story about the minister who shilled for Bush's "tax cut".     One day he's chumming with the President, the next he's sexually exploiting his youth ministry participants.   http://atrios.blogspot.com/2004_12_05_a trios_archive.html#110242990842348719
I hate fuckin people sometimes. It bad enough that you can't see your place...but fucking  ridiculous that you don't stay out after you been shown.  MOst people leave when nobody wants them around...get over yourself.
Stupid boss...  Worked today, got yelled at all day...  you know what on second thought i dont want to talk about this.  Go see KILL BILL VOL 1 if you havent yet becuase its beast!
right now i have pink eye and i can't go to school. that sucks. i'm talking to najah right now. i am soo bored.i think i got it from going roller skating wit all them people. leave a comment :)
I'm so angry at my body right now.  I was chillin with Jody, watching some LAME movie...(it was kind of funny) and then my stomach decided that it was going to be an asshole again so now I'm at my parents house.   grrr.
AHHHHH STUPID LJ!!!!!!! Please read the entry that starts I got kinda depressed in lit class. thats the real new one i wanted to post!!!!
Don't change your name keep it the same for fear I may lose you again.  "Don't fucking talk to me" lol lol loller skate
Guess What... I don't want anything to do with either of you.  It's over, don't worry about it. You two can be best friends again, and talk shit about me all you want. You are free as Cat Power would say FREE! I go forwards you go backwards...
maybe provo is really what i need right now. maybe it will help me become a better person and grow strength becuase right now i'm falling so fast. i regret it....all of it....and thats the worst feeling ever..in my heart i know whats right but yet i did the oposite anyway. gosh i'm so stupid. i dont even want to think about it....
Why is my room clean?! How am I supposed to find anything now?! Does no one here understand I need my privacy?!
please  NOOOO .    As i'm sitting here, it all just slips away and we are faced with another term of bush. Lovely innit?  I really hope that i will have to come back and put an "edit" in here and update to a happier result all around...  but realistically it looks like it's nearly all over.
im starting to really be ashamed of being a human.  this is just the worst thing i've ever read . why are people so set on being idiots?
Recently, I've been uncovering a great deal of repressed emotions from my childhood. One in particular, seems way, way overdue.  My parents separated 31 years ago. Only now have I acknowledged that I'm angry at them for that, and only now have I been able to declare:  I... deserved... better.  After making that declaration to myself, I feel like I'm standing about 2 inches taller.
I hate research papers! I would like to go out and find the person that invented research papers and destroy them!      ... But, then I realized I'd have to do research to find this person... that bastard!
trenger HJelp!!!!  jeg har lyst til å ha en egen internettside! vet dere om en plass der jeg kan få en GRATIS hjemme side? plis skriv!!
It was also easier when my life was filled with only pain and hate, instead of the hope that seems to creep into it now.  Fuck hope.
SO FUCKEN MAD!!!!! I woke up this morning to come to work and some asshole fuckin crashed my car from the back while it was parked!!!!!!! Why does this shit always happen to me???????????
YER U NO Y I AM MAD? CAUSE I DID A MASSIVE ENTRY LAST NITE!! N ITS SAID THERE WERE AN ERROR N COULD NOT UPLOAD MY ENTRY!! I POURED ME HEART OUT! LOL SO I CANT B ARSED REPEATING WOT I WROTE B4! AT LEAST I NO WOT I WROTE N THT IS WOT MATTERS! TTYL MARK X
On the way home from work yesterday i realised that i hate my fucken job, hate my fucken car and hate my fucken apartment. Fuck.     4 weeks till she arrives. 4 weeks too long.
my god my day sucked cops hastled me drunk, gangsters harassed me and lost, some exxon owner cursed me out and i feel sick if you want details just ask me because i dont feel like typing nemor byeres
DAMMMMMIIITTT!! I am  SO MAD ....so friggin MAD!!! NIKKO got booted from American Idol tonight! Seriously America - what the HELL is wrong with you??? Oh wait nevamind - dont even bother answering that! So anyways, now my whole night is ruined!!! Last week it was Jessica (who so totally DID NOT deserve to go either), and now Nikko! Im just mad.
Shit!!!!!... I suspect.. not suspect is confirm wif "chop"... there is a thief around my neighbourhood... he stole 2 pair of shoes frm me!!!! Wanted to wear it tis morning but lost.. tried looking for another pair.. still lost!!!! I am so angry!!!!... heart pain ah... lost two pair of shoes...  haiz... idiot thief... want steal also steal one pair mah... so greedy took away 2 pairs!!!
Cool.... today trillian's Yahoo medium doesn't work.. a crap about invalid password... bad bad bad bad....  I hope they're fixing this soon! Anyway... if you're on my list.. and you need to talk to me I have other ways of contacting me... you just go to my user page and check
This really sucks, when I told my friend that I would meet her at the library to work on a paper that is due tomarrow.  I have been waiting hee for over an hour and she was suppose to get here before I did.  What the hell now its to ate to go back to my room before my next class so I guess that I am stuck here...
Thanks to the recent influx of anonymous posts, I've been prompted to block anonymous comments.  Sorry to TA and the Ferret.  Other than those two, I won't miss any of you too spineless to leave your name. :)  Til Next Time, Jake
My  Lead fanfiction had been  plagiarised . Seriously, write your own & get a life &gt;_&gt; I admit my fics aren't that great but i use effort in writing it.  More   wFL   fanfics  had been ripped-off.   Maybe i should lock the       wxfxl    community to prevent these things happening =\
HEEEEEEY, its homecoming night and i just put on my nails so if i mess up typing sorry, its because im not used to typing with long nails.....  tonight is gonna be so fun......... i cant wait.  last night was fun...yet horrible at the same time
http://www.hrcactioncenter.org/camp aign/senate_oppose_fma   I am completely against this issue.  If we let the government tell us who we can and cannot marry, what's to stop them from telling us what we can and cannot do in other areas of our life?  They already have laws against what we can do with our own bodies.  Put a stop to this shit now!
Anyone else want to let me down today?  Fuck you, people.  Fuck you and your self-centered, ego-maniacal bullshit.
For those of you who care, I'll be doing a lot of my ranting elsewhere from now on.  Not that I need yet another blog, but I wanted to sort of separate out the rantyness.  plus, there are funny things I want to do with my new blog (which will become apparent soon).  Anyway, ranty blog:  http://www.theangryblackwoman.com/
Has anyone else noticed the adds that are suddenly under the new links lately? Is anyone else really upset by it? GRRRR!!!!
I have been trying all afternoon and night to upload this  Genma King Magarugi  (Dragon Quest Monsters: Caravan Heart) picture but I get errors all the time...  When (if) I can load it correctly, I will post it here again...
For christ's bloody sake, I should just kill  you  off and put me out of your misery.  You're really starting to piss me off, and I mean it.  You know what?  Out of the Corner (TM) .  Not yours anymore.  Mareke's.  Go sit with the other puppets and annoy the hell out of them for a change.
Found       in mine and Irvine's bedroom.  Any thoughts? (apart from those regarding Squall's arse, obviously.)
Dear f****** mon,    You b****!  How DARE YOU LEAVE ME AT THE PARTY....I THINK I'M IN A BATHROOM I DON'T KNOW WHAT REALITY I'M IN OR IF I'M EVEN ON EARTH.  i JUST KNOW I'VE BEEN TOSSING MY STOMACH CONTENTS INTO THIS TOLIET FOR TWO HOURS ALREADY.  WHAT DO YOU F****** HAVE TO SAY FOR YOURSELF???????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????
well, i've taken some time and was looking at this community. we need to be active or something! ok, this community is supose to be all like "wow, glenn rock's!" but there wasn't even a remembrance post on dec. 3rd........ ::shakes head:: and we're fans? tisk tisk... i say we become active! all in favor start posting!
Minish Cap Question...      I finished the game, I watched the credits, I saved... but now when I turn on the same game, I start at the beginning of Dark Hyrule Castle, I take a red warp, and Vaati is still around?!?! WTF? Is it supposed to do that? I wanted to get the mirror sheild and finish my stupid figurines... did my save not work? Or is that just how it works??
Just went to  swangsons  (by accident, long story), and figured hey, i'll click the "request price" thing and see what they want.
I'm not a  tool . I don't just  see  things like I'm reading a book. It's not a skill that comes  easily . I'm not there for you  amusement . I'm not there for you only to show interest when you're  concerned .  I mean.  Really . Half of you didn't know my name until you found out I can do readings. And noiwillnotdooneforyou.  HMPH.
(ooc: i regret to inform you that as i simply cannot deal with homophobia, i am gone and never coming back.  i simply do not need the stress.)
Tamson House is temporarily down.  The web hosting company had to rebuild the machine, but the membership list and archives were lost due to incompetent backups. I might be able to recover some of the membership list, but you should email me at addme@tamsonhouse.com, if you wish to be re-added when the list reopens. Somewhere else.  (Cross posted to       straif   )
i love food everyone else post to i i dont want to be the only food lover here. if no ones else post ill just write in in by myself.
I just heard that the FIG has ask Paul Hamm to give his gold medal to the South Korean. Saying that it would be a nice gesture.  All I can say is WTF!!!
Irked by the success of the nationwide Day of Silence, which seeks to combat anti-gay bias in schools, conservative activists are launching a counter-event this week called the Day of Truth  aimed at mobilizing students who believe homosexuality is sinful.   I'd comment further in       nnnop_ed   , but I'm afraid my head will explode.
the host has been ignoring us again. Hello! do you know who i am? yes, I'm the person who lives in your head. now, numerous birthdays have been missed, something that qualifies vaguely as drama has been missed, and I'm not going to tell you what it is. In other news... no, I'm not going to put that here either, she'll have to bloody ask. goodbye.
I got this in my e-mail a bit ago and didn't have until now to post.... So here goes (sorry if you knew)   http://www.contactmusic.com/new/xml feed.nsf/mndwebpages/matronic%20snubs%20 scissor%20sisters%20to%20rock%20with%20h usband
That's fucking  it!  THIS HAS GONE TOO FAR!   Which one of you fuckers made us bald?!  Fucking bald!    I'm hexing everyone until someone owns up! And Granger, if this was your work, you will die, mark my words.
I was looking for rat emoticons for my forum when I came across THIS:   http://www.funlol.com/pictures/cool-r at-cage.html
Lan, after you gave me your story to post...my computer went fucking down. It completely crashed and restarted. I am soooo sorry....I will tell you this is person...well on im.
I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHAT  COLD HEARTED, SICK, TWISTED  BITCH   SENT ME    !  I. Am. Not. Touching. It.  It shall be  Incendio 'd in due time, believe me!     SICK. BITCH.
Man, I just typed like this really long post... and then realized I posted it into my main journal... so I deleted it... and forgot to copy/paste... and yeah, whatever. *angry*  Go post on the  band forum  and stuff, because Tiff and I are tired of talking to ourself. (And Laura, lol)  So much for my cute little post. &gt;:  Yeah yeah yeah, 3m1ly
On tuesday I left for Traverse City for a conference for my job.  The heat was not on in Pittman.   I come back yesterday from a conference for my job.  The heat was twice as hot as it was before they turned it off in Pittman.   Don't they realize its freaking April and the sun heats up the rooms anyways?  Jesus christ, its like a sauna in here.
*growls* So what do you do when your boyfriend is gotten drunk by a cheap blonde floozie and then proceeds to cheat on you with said floozie, and then doesn't remember what happened, so he asks you to look through his mind and tell him, and you experience everything firsthand via his memories?  Do you kill him? Or her? Or both? Or just everyone?
I feel physically sick, and yet wanting to kill the f**kers that did this!     http://www.envirolink.org/external.h tml?itemid=200504051443270.476715
That bloody bint ...   She's in my village!!   Grah, I've got to get there before she does anything dangerous. Off to Ireland I go.
fuk u bobo3bobo i didnt do any fo that shitti u posted it in my jernal naem while i wusnt hoem these r my friends how cud u do this 32 me i let u stya at my house wehn u busted out of rehab ur a fukian lier i haet u 4 real this time
Great. Just fucking great. I went to bed last night without putting my alarm on. So I didn't wake up at 6:30 like I should have. I missed Philosophy. It was the first of that course I was gonna have after the strike and I went and missed it. Also missed the last one before the strike. Juuuuuuuuust great.  ^&gt;_&lt;^
Fucking A!  I wish no one human being needed anything or anyone to survive!  My life feels like shit, I feel like shit, everything is dying around me, and I wish to hell here was a way to hit the fucking reset button on life.  Oh well.  That's what's dealt to me.  I guess I'll have to fucking deal with it.
I can't beleive this I won't have an internet connection untill September. The stupid company cancled the internet and now I won't be able to get on 'cept maybe once a week. :( I live on the internet. I'll miss everyone when I'm gone but not to worry I will be back in ... 3-4 months... sooo long I guess I'll have to deal.
*Comes into his son's office to find the poor defenceless paperwork has been terribly abused*  &gt;_&lt; Why do I bother? WHY DO I EVER BOTHER TO TRY AND HELP HIM OUT? He has NO RESPECT for filing and alphabetisation! That's not how I raised him!  *rants* *raves*  *tries to salvage the documents.   ;_;
*storms our after the  argument with his wife *  Why can't she accept that I have my own way of doing things? Why does she assume that her way is the only way to handle Pharazon? He's my son too, dammit all!   And I'm NOT adressing  the other thing . She's obsessed with  the other thing.  I'm sick of it.  *goes for a patented Crotchety Bastard Walk around town*
And once again, I can't access my comcast or UW e-mail, and have managed to get one page to load (minus images.)  Friends page is just sitting there chugging away without any result.  Screw you, Comcast.  You suck.    Huh, my e-mail downloaded before I could even post this.  You still suck, Comcast.  Particularly since I still have managed to get an entire webpage to load.
You know...  ...that  Gamespot  REALLY sucks, when  The Chronicles of Riddick , an  X-Box port , scores higher than  Half-Life 2 .  No, seriously. Somebody needs to sic headcrabs on them just about....NOW.
Not Good... Very bad... Dunno what to do... dammit... I hate it...  cannot believe... go toilet e 10 times in a day... very angry..... somebody save me.....
OMG:  Guess I am going to sick... Dam.. still have to go to the airport... Help.. I dont want to ill...  Dis instrumental hits are dam nice.. I love it.. Today do nothing.. OMG.. NVM, whatever.... Today muz to City Hall and eat myanmar food....
I absolutely love how, for whatever reason, duckweb says that my registration time is different than it originally said. So, now my registration time is during a 3 hour long class that I have on Wednesday. EFF!
http://www.denverpost.com/Stories/0,141 3,36~53~2691638,00.html #  Wow, HOW DARE YOU BRING ME COOKIES!  See you all next time on "When Lawers Attack!"
I'm cleaning out my friends list. This journal is now freinds only. If you really care, add a response to this post. If you're still on my list, you're not going anywhere.   I didn't remove many people. Trust me....
I think       devilgirl    has forgotten me she only thinks of vin diesel and brady anymore it sux i'm going to cry fuck this shit
So   wrong .   I am moving to Alaska to start a resistance movement. I'm going to ride around on snowmobiles dressed up like something from Road Warrior, making     against the oil goons...  It could happen.  Film shoot.   ciao
ahhhhh omg i have so much homework this weekend...i'm so screwed! i didn't have time to do my math on thursday so now i have double the amount of math homework...nooo! and i have a french project..sh|t haha and a french sheet....and ummm accounting and ummm commtech...and ummm a math test on tuesday...ahhhhhhhh....i hate skewl sooo much!!
i've been so lazy this past month or so..haven't updated this in such a long long time. hmm lets see...i got my ears pierced last saturday..went 2 tamara's b-day party yesterday..umm ya thats pretty much it....o yah..doing horrible in skewl..gotta pull my marks up.   n e wayz f*ckin aa isn't working &gt;:(
Jesus H. Christ. Four more years of this shit, it hasn't even been a goddamn  month  yet.   "Mr. Bush said Ambassador Negroponte brings something special to the position."   Ain't that the truth. Hey George? I bet William Calley could use a high-dollar job.  Go on, you know you want to.
Ugh its Monday already..n how i hate it..lol...i can't believe the weekend went by so fast..i wish it wouldve ended i hate goin to school...grr..but hey at least i got no hw lol...(cuz' i only got math but did it in math lol she let us)well its like 11:38pm n i got school tomorrow so i better get goin
After Bush reinstitutes the draft and the government comes for their sons and daughters, I hope all those "security moms" remember that they voted for him so he could keep their family safe.  God damn them all to hell.
my company has a firewall (not a very good one) and anti-virus software, i can get onto other computers that i'm not logged into nor is my name connected to them. i want to do as much damage as possible, any suggestions?
They're closing it.  I knew they would.   The bishop is closing my old elementary school.  And Lynn's only in fifth grade there, top of her class.  Leb is angry.  Leb also had someone assault her printer.  This will not end well.
FUCKING HELL SOMEBODY TELL ME HOW TO CHANGE THE FONT   ps. i'm pissed cause al's gay-arse toffees melted all over mum's delicious muffins and now they taste like lead.
Long day of work ended by me havign a wonderful night with Joey only to have it ruined by my fucking older bro.     To think, I thought studying tonight would have done that.  I am looking forward to getting lost in literature tonight.    Btw ... GO SEE  ROBOTS !!!!!
Ok, I have a question here.  Why is it when you're talking with a clerk, doing business and the clerk is right in the middle of a fucking word do you feel the need to whip out your cell phone and call someone? WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE!!! XO TURN OFF YOUR GOD DAMN PHONES AND PAY ATTENTION FOR ONCE IN YOUR LIFE!!!!!!!  God DAMN!
My  Lead fanfiction had been  plagiarised . Seriously, write your own & get a life &gt;_&gt; I admit my fics aren't that great but i use effort in writing it.  More   wFL   fanfics  had been ripped-off.   Maybe i should lock the       wxfxl    community to prevent these things happening =\
KILL THE FUCKING BITCH!   It's rare that a "personal lives" news story makes me want to stab someone but this one does. Stupid selfish bitch. That child is going to be in therapy until it's 40 because of her selfish actions. Why not have a baby with her husband? Or go to a sperm bank?
Alright, I have had my fill of drag queens and albinos (or whatever the hell she was), THANK YOU.  If it hadn't been for the vest, I would have a hammer plowed through my chest.  As it is, it -feels- like I have a hammer plowed through my chest.  Shit.  Jill?  Where the hell are you?
Me and the Super have to have a few words.  I mean, come on - if the floor is  leaking , and I can't figure out some way to fix it, of  course  there's something wrong!  Idiot.
*sighs*  i've had exactly seven days of happy-happy-joy-joy and then i just have to go screw it up. i don't understand why i can never say the right thing (or why i end up saying it at the wrong time) this SUCKING FUCKS!!!!!  what the fecking hell is wrong with me anyway?
i'm getting so angry. i'm locked out of my main yahoo email... and i have tried everything to get into it. and now it's locked up for 12 hours.. *sigh*  i'm so frustrated. i wouldn't care if it was like an email i didn't use much... but i have had it since 1998!!  *screams*  podegopgegpdeopdgojkgdsojgdspjkgspkgspkg dspkgspkgs  damnit!!!
But making me re-live the evil shades of the past certainly isn't a good thing.   All I have to say is this: tonight Baseball begins. The Yankees vs The Red Sox.   And for tonight, the Yankees will never have a bigger fan than I.
I am so pissed off today.  It isn't even so much that it is Valentine's Day - there's just so much shit culminating today.  So I came home from work and I started drinking.  Earlier tonight, I fell off the piano stool while I was playing.  At this point, I'm afraid I can't get out of the chair I'm sitting in.  I wish I could bring myself to do something productive.
someone please explain to me how people can be so fucking ignorant............ a h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh hhhhhhhhhh!
People are back, which makes things less boring.  On the bright side, things are not boring any more.  On the not-so-bright side, there is less chance of me killing a Gryffindor and stuffing it into the closet before Blaise finds me.  Then again, we will only be here for several more months anyway.  After that...  Those of you who have offended me, watch your backs.  I am a vengeful God.
Happy Easter...  If you see it as such.  I'm spending today alone, angry, and lonely.  I got to spend time pooper scooping the yard for a winters worth of dog shit.  Oh what a joyous day.   Yay.  *goes and sulks in her room*
POS sheezy, wont let me log in and the password retreval is busted, way to go morons. Update the site and broke my account. I KNOW what my password should be but it ISNT working,
je le deteste je le deteste je le deteste.  ça y est.  thbpt + pffft.  si je ne reussi pas...il sera la premiere fois que je fais un cours 2 fois.  meh!!!  :(
Interesting... my eyes turn a burgundy color when I cry...       I feel like a piece of shit stuck to someone's shoe... 3 people fucked me over seriously in 2 days.... screw that... I'm through
today sucked. nothing went right. i hate school. work was okay i guess. they gave me a $2 gift card thing. no bowling. i did homework instead. i'm totally going to fail my math exam tomorrow. i'm PMSing and i hate it. tomorrow should be hectic. but end nicely. blah fuckity fuck.
i fuckin hate it when u ask someone something and they get all pissy with u, like you've asked them the same question ten times before or sumthin. uhhhhgggg soooooooooooooo fuckin mad!! fuck him yo....FUCK HIM!!
Heh. I was informed by a great-aunt that there is a possibility my dog has heartworms.  Will my grandfather pay for the vet visit? Nope. Alternative? Ask my aunt to pay and that'll be my Christmas present from her.  Anyone who has the fucking money to help a goddamn animal and won't is too fucking worthless to take a fucking breath.
I wonder if I can expand my mood swings in a Fourier series. Just about any damn function can, except those that are pathologically ill-behaved. Which is probably true in my case.
worked a LONG day... 13 1/2 hrs... and got the treat of seeing D's other girlfriend at my bar... she came in and her friends were punking me off... wonderful... as if i need that crap at work... and she is STILL WITH HIM... stupid girl...   ahh.. i think i just need to sleep... but don't know if i can... and it was just starting to get easier...
During my first day off in months, I had an eye exam. According to the results, I am very farsighted in one eye which has been contributing to all of my headaches recently. So the next time you guys see me, I'll be in black frames.  I just read that the CafFiends broke up. :(  Here's to the best hardcore, "sit down and stfu" band of 2004. *Cheers*
WTF happened to my journal entries and colors?!  I haven't posted or changed anything in a month!  JEBUS!  NOW I DUNNO WHAT I DID THE LAST 6 MONTHS ;_;
[ Error:  Irreparable invalid markup ('&lt;img [...] /img&gt;') in entry.  Owner must fix manually.  Raw contents below.]   I ran from caspa group today cuz I was lagging to bad to fight them ~_~;;  &lt;img src= http://www.photocountry.com/users/12455/runfromcaspa.jpg /img&gt;
Yesterday I fought Ancient Giant with my pledge BLOODLUST for my first time o.o;;....fun experience..but could have gone better..:-\..... 1. Wasted 40 Clears.  2. Got no drops. 3. mailbeaker 4 dmg T.T;;
Anyone else want to let me down today?  Fuck you, people.  Fuck you and your self-centered, ego-maniacal bullshit.
Dammit I can't find my registration card. I'm going to call the registration place around eight or nine. But now I probably won't be seen today in court and have to drive back to Greensboro another day.
Okay Regal and Ducky got back together. And Anthony came back, Cecelia is scared. Today is a depressing day, cause I got braces and I hate them
Could someone tell me what the FUCK was wrong with that pitch? Or, generally, with the home plate umpire? Pretty crappy umpiring tonight in general, I must say...
My fantasy team is already sucking. While my main man Carlos Beltran apparently hit the cream cheese out of the ball today, my starting pitcher (L. Hernandez) is posting a  13.50  ERA (7 ER/4.2 IP). WHAT THE HELL?
This Christmas, all I want is money to pay off my parking tickets. (2)  And a time machine to pause, fast forward, and reverse time. (1)
xenianth    posted  this link . How honorable the enemy. How noble their ways. At least the ignorant fools are proving our goddamn point.
I just did a screen capture to grab this off the CNN website.&nbsp; Somebody tell me that this picture is a mistake and doesn't belong next to this story:&nbsp;  Mosque attacks rock Baghdad
I'm sorry, I haven't posted a quiz result here in awhile, but I just had to this time...               Which ABBA member are you ?   This pointless quiz was made by  TMO      ---  It is very true. I'm mad, batty, looped, etcetc.   (I promise this is my last post of the evening...)
i hate boys. i really do. especially ones that seem like theyre your friends then bam they ditch you.  wow. tonight was awesome.  i wanna go back to jersey where the boys are fucking&nbsp;nice...
I spoke too soon.  She’s back to using me as her scapegoat today.  It’s getting harder not to walk out.  I’ve removed my spiffy mouse pad in case I do have to do so.  She asked for the number of my agency, I might get fired before I can quit.
So I'm going to be one of those kids you laugh at for screwing up their lives and dropping out of school 4th quarter into their 12th gr. it was inevitable. Lets face it.
....and said in one voice,  "DURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR, BLIBLBIBLBBIBBLBB DUUUUUUUUH"   Seriously.  Democrats, this is your fucking fault.  This should have been a 'gimme' and you couldn't do any better than Kerry?
i love just LOVE how everytime something good happens this week something bade happens as well.  take today for example.   i wake up and l&o:tbj was taped (+) aj forgot to write down a platter so i'm scrambling because he's an idiot(-) i go to lunch(+) my haircut is soo bad. i look like a tv journalist from the mid 90's. i want to cry (-)  so what the fuck is next? bring it.
Bad news:  I'm kinda PMS-y.    And I'm REALLY pissed at Household Bank right now.    Good news:  I'm going to Chicago tomorrow. And staying at a pretty hotel with leopard print chairs and video art installments in the lobby.  Hopefully, I'll have enough cash to do other stuff too. At least I got my AAA renewed and my oil changed!
stupid mail didn't come today.  they didn;t have keys to our mailboxes so they didn't deliver it.  what the fuck happened to 'the mail must come through'|?!  FUCK the pony express!!  damn butt rumpers.  i wanted my damn cd.
Grrrrrrrrrrrr. I am not a happy camper. What they neglected to tell us when we were doing the shift bid is that we'd be taking blue calls all day on sundays.  Fuck.
There is a person who goes by the name of "ea_spouse" that wrote a one-sided and very skewed look at the inner workings of Electronic Arts. I'm preparing my take on this whole mess. Look for it tomorrow.  Note: My opinions are my own and have absolutly NOTHING to do with EA, it's management etc. etc. etc...
i saw this today and felt i had to repost it and make sure that it made the rounds.    http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/04294/39 8767.stm    so,       blackpaladin    was one of those people asked to perform their dirty work.  (if you're on his friends-list, see  this post .)  he chose to quit instead of do that.  just another reason to vote democrat this election.
How the hell do I owe the government $187 when I only made $3,000 this year?  And how do I owe  more  this year than last year, when I made $1,000 more  last  year?  Stupid government.  Dammit.  I don't  have  $187 to spare!
And once again, I can't access my comcast or UW e-mail, and have managed to get one page to load (minus images.)  Friends page is just sitting there chugging away without any result.  Screw you, Comcast.  You suck.    Huh, my e-mail downloaded before I could even post this.  You still suck, Comcast.  Particularly since I still have managed to get an entire webpage to load.
So   wrong .   I am moving to Alaska to start a resistance movement. I'm going to ride around on snowmobiles dressed up like something from Road Warrior, making     against the oil goons...  It could happen.  Film shoot.   ciao
You know.. I was all set up to make this big angry post and then I met Mini Mac.&nbsp; I want one so much I'm practically in tears.&nbsp; I felt this same sense of longing and desperation for the iPod back in the summer of '03 (new Apple products tend to have that effect of me).&nbsp; But alas, I can't afford a new computer right now.&nbsp;&nbsp; I need a car.
Bad news:  I'm kinda PMS-y.    And I'm REALLY pissed at Household Bank right now.    Good news:  I'm going to Chicago tomorrow. And staying at a pretty hotel with leopard print chairs and video art installments in the lobby.  Hopefully, I'll have enough cash to do other stuff too. At least I got my AAA renewed and my oil changed!
Apparently lawmakers have enough of your money, and then some, because they don't seem to be very concerned about  waste that amounts to at least $100 billion annually .  Via       reason_hrm     That's 25% of the deficit right there.  So the next time someone claims we need higher taxes, tell them to take care of that $100 billion in waste first.
It's not fair how my bf's grandparents want to make me go home just because he and I haven't found jobs fast enough. It's like they actually want to break us up! They should be happy for us and supportive, not as they're being now.
Two of my screen names suspended without reason. Absolute bullshit! I'm not the only AIM user this is happening to. I think they're going around randomly suspending accounts. I think this is their way of forcing AIM users to subscribe to the service. Bunch of greedy profiteers! Boycott AOL now!
This guy is lucky I don't know him.  Check this shit out:  http://www.dailyprincetonian.com/wednes day.html   I don't even want to cut and paste it. Read it for yourselves.
Tamson House is temporarily down.  The web hosting company had to rebuild the machine, but the membership list and archives were lost due to incompetent backups. I might be able to recover some of the membership list, but you should email me at addme@tamsonhouse.com, if you wish to be re-added when the list reopens. Somewhere else.  (Cross posted to       tamson_house   )
je le deteste je le deteste je le deteste.  ça y est.  thbpt + pffft.  si je ne reussi pas...il sera la premiere fois que je fais un cours 2 fois.  meh!!!  :(
