a picture of america's missle  defense shield   that's right people, a lawn gnome and a blow up sheep....that's what  billions of dollars have been spent on enjoy!!! i know what you're going to say, but wait!!!! they are actually magical because jesus has cast a spell...err...has blessed them.  sometimes, i am really amazed by how STOOPID people can actually be....
Might be well explained right here.  Notice the sloppy thinking, the poor analysis the lack of any shred of proof.  He might be good at New York cocktail parties, where Maureen Dowd sets the level of discourse, but nowhere that people carefully think through what they are doing.
Good bye everyone.   It was good getting to know you all.     I hope you all have a wonderful life!    *hugs you all*    I wont be back on again. Im getting rid of the internet. I wont be back.   Slainte
I just removed the dead flowers I got for my birthday from the living room and the smell almost made me physically vomit. yuk yuk yuk.
I think after voting tomorrow, or tomorrow evening, I'll get drunk on Jaegermeister.  It'll leave a much less foul taste in my mouth than our current political landscape, after all.
Geo is a horrible monster and I pray for his death.  geox777: why dont you toss the _____salad KingNuthing64: lmfao....fuck you  We'll let you fill in the blank.  Although you'd rather not, believe me.
TAMPA, Fla. ( AP ) - The medical examiner completed the autopsy of Terri Schiavo on Friday, clearing the way for the release of the body to her husband, who plans to cremate her remains and bury the ashes without telling his in-laws when or where.   What an ass.  That serves no purpose except to extend the grief and suffering of Terri's parents.
I helped set up a new guy at work today.  He  just  got his login and password.  When he opened up his email  for the first time , he had  ten (10)  items of pure, unadulterated  SPAM !!!  This was his $ParentCompany email!  Spammers should be shot, preferably out of a canon.
"Cosmetic Psychopharmacology."   I.e., taking psychoactive drugs, not because you  need  them for a disorder, but because you want to use them as performance enhancers.  People this stupid will hopefully be weeded out of the gene pool when they take too much or experience the medication's side effects. I like to call it "The Darwin Effect."
I just showered and toweled myself off with the nearest towel. Then I smelled something. Something tainted. Evil. The towel I had used was my former housemate's, left to fester for weeks. I haven't experienced anything this revolting in a very long time. I am unclean.
*Rolls eyes*  I can't believe I was just angered by a Chick Tract, but this is ridiculous.    http://www.chick.com/reading/tracts/105 4/1054_01.asp   It's about the horrors of Islam, and a couple of girls so wishy-washy that they (almost) convert twice in one day. The 2nd conversion has no more basis than the first! Ugh.
Okay.  I give.  It's official.  I'm scared shitless about tackling these revisions.  There.  I've said it.   Now  can I please, please just get on with it?
Hey, hey, look at me! I finally got noticed by a BNF despite my best efforts to alienate everyone worth knowing with my 'winning' personality! Cower in fear now that I finally have the recognition that I deserve! Hey, I'm important now! Really!
Milk... pus... mixed together? That's what we drink/eat? I think not! I am going organic or vegan... that's just disgusting. Eww. Eww eww eww eww!!!
Dear GOD, this woman is a freaking  NUTCASE . I  was  willing to chalk this up to postpartum depression, even though she never actually had the baby, but now they're saying that they have reason to believe that  she was never pregnant in the first place.     That picture where she's holding the dog like a baby just sends shivers down my spine.
Happy Pumpkin Day! A_A  Hope you all rot your teeth and get diabetes. :) j/k    ...I haven't consumed this much sugar in my life =_=;; And I don't even really like sweet stuff.    Need Spicy Tuna or curry T_T...
DIRTY FUCKING BEANERS!  usually el favorito is awesome, ive eaten there plenty of times and its always been the best mexican food ive ever had... but tonight it looked like some fuckin beaner puked in a tortilla and called it a quesadilla.... i wanted to go fucking shoot him. im never going back.
It's time to snap out of this.  It's time to pull things together.  This is ridiculous.  I'm going nowhere.  I'm doing nothing.
You know there's something wrong with the universe when Tanyon Sturtze pitches like Mariano Riviera and Mariano Riviera pitches like Tanyon Sturtze.
I officially hate Kevin. He makes me want to hurl. I didn't think anyone could be that pathetic. He's running on revenge and materialism. *shudder* Could he  be  any more revolting?  and...  Awww Boy Meets World made me cry! In the first season! I love that show to uber little bitty bits!!!!
Today was a mighty productive day... I learned two things...  1)I spend way too much money on the day that I get my pay cheque.  2)I am fat.  Shit.  Night.
A subsidary of the company that Dick Cheney used to run  was awarded a no-bid fire-fighting contract  by the US Government that Dick Cheney is helping to run.  Excuse me while I go vomit.  Asshats. (Because Ozy enjoyed it the first time)
i live in the middle of the city. why the hell are there skunks wandering around the neighborhood? and why do they have to make my room smell? stupid el dorado park.
Terri Schiavo is dead, and  hospice demonstrators seem to know what's in God's heart .    "It grieves my heart to know that God's heart is grieving. God's desire's never to have death happen unjustly," Bashta said.  The morally and religiously righteous make me nauseous.
File under Mary's First Photoshop Attempt:       Because, you know, it's not the over-farming that's the problem. It's the natural predators.
Sara, don't read the message boards on imdb.com.  Not only are they full of annoying people but if you don't read them, you won't be told about things like potential remakes of  The Wicker Man  and thus can safeliy ignore their existance until they're actually in theaters.    Especially if said remake includes potentially moving the action to Maine.  What the  frell ?
Five minute role... or tickets to a Sondheim show?  Five minute role, or Sondheim show... boy, I'll have to think about this one for awhile
Fuck them.  No, on second thought The problem is that I do fuck them  This is getting absurd My worth will not be minimized I'm done
Oh my god I am so goddamn lazy.  So here I am, delaying again. But I swear, upon Nixon's cold dead corpse, that I will update before Thanksgiving.  Oh, and HALO 2!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
why do i keep fucking up? i hate myself so much. obviously, that is part of the problem. i'm going to need to get a kitten or else i may end up killing myself because i'm not fit for human social interaction.
Superficial bullshit.  That's all it is people.  Don't get dragged in by the shiny objects- it's all an illusion.  But if that's your thing, who am I to argue.  I'll just be over here in the corner watching, laughing, and occasionaly puking in disgust.
it's time for another fast.  yep, that's right... i ate like a disgusting pig yesterday AND today, so startingggggggggggg NOW.  water, juice, maybe one yogurt (before my workout)... 24 hours.  i'm disgusting.  i disgust myself.
"I'm in love with a dream I had as a kid I wait up the street until you show That dream it came true But you never do No, you never did As far as I know"                --Paul Westerberg
Has anyone seen that really disturbing Skittles commercial? Good god, it's disgusting. Ugly, freaky looking and talking sheep. Echhh. Good thing I'm not a fan of Skittles, cuz I'm not going to be buying any in the near future.
I finally in the last month set up an Ebay account,  and just now set up a paypay account.  Damn you  Oldboy  and my need to own you!!!!!   Damn you Ebay.. damn you straight to hell.
nasty, disgusting, dirty, slutty little fuckin bitch. you make me fuckin sick, i want to puke everywhere right now
Teen Assaulted On Videotape   The most outrageous thing I read in this whole article is the following:   "An assistant principal cautioned the girl's father against calling 911 to avoid media attention, the statements said."   Jumping Judas Priest...
How bad are things going to have to get for people to do something in this country?!  I'm so sick to my stomach; I think I'm going to throw up.
TWO NIGHTS IN A ROW OVER 2000 calories!  It makes me want to throw up.  Where is my self-control?  What is happening to me?  Augh augh augh.   It can not happen again.
Nevermind  I told you and myself that I wouldn't care if we started being friends again so I won't let this happen.  I just want out of this little mess I've been brought into.
"You know I could run for governor but I'm basically a media creation. I've never done anything. I've worked for my dad. I worked in the oil business. But that's not the kind of profile you have to have to get elected to public office." -- Dubya in 1989  Think that one is disturbing?   More   here.
President Bush said last night that he's ready to send more troops to Iraq.  That worries me. As far as I know the United States is not at war with my apartment either.  Should I expect to be quartering soldiers soon?
Emails, emails.  I love getting emails.  Not the weird spammy ones mind you.  Not the weird surveys either.  Or forwards.  Just a good old email from someone out of the blue, just to let you know they're thinking of you :)  And oh God.  I rhymed.  Please kill me.  *jumps out window* KSssssssssh!
i found out about this jewel of a website over the weekend. this is the kind of terrible bullshit that over-zealous, heartless, religious assholes bring to our world.
this is me experiencing a level of self-loathing i never anticipated Ever.  thank you all for being here to celebrate this momentus occasion.
You guys ever had your pile of dirty dishes and sundry rot? It's fucking disgusting I tell you.  'Nuff said.
"Is there ever any good reason to leave a bag of shit in the trashcan in the bathroom of your apartment??"   to quote Sarah Sebald  Come on now!  Who does that!  Seriously, WHO did that? Cause if you live with us and you did this, you have serious problems. And if you dont live with us and you thought this was funny, you were wrong and you have serious problems.  WHO DOES THAT!!
You're a year older, but no different than you were last year and none the wiser. I hope you get your wish, I tire of watching your pitiful existence and it would suitably rid everyone of you.
http://www.lex18.com/Global/story.a sp?S=2989614&nav=EQlpWjof   This is bullshit.  And censorship.  And a violation of the bill of rights. And a goddamn abomination.  Somebody get together a petition or contact some senators or something, because this kind of thing can NOT be allowed to stand.  This link was posted previously by Liz and Megan.
im on this name real quick @ school to tell everyone that i will be deleting this journal very soon...or at least making it private. so if you havent already (some of you have been asking me where i am on LJ, i guess some people didnt see my last post), add me @ my new username:       queen_of_pain   . k..bye bye!   xox alina
We're off to kill the world, this wonderful world of ours.  ISLAMABAD/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and its allies stepped up plans for an expected strike on Afghanistan's Taliban on Thursday as Pakistan said it was satisfied with the evidence linking Osama bin Laden to attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon
So steven and I went to the OutBack for dinner... the off to Aviators Landing for the dance. We got there and Nick Quincy and Haley Gibson were there and we ended up staying with them for most of the dance. Almost everyone there was drunk....or had been drinking... it was PATHETIC!! I mean come on there are better things to do then drink something out of a glass bottle or aluminum can!
I dont know what to think about anything anymore.   All i know is that I am glad John was with me at follies and watching Anthony play drums makes me smile and the fact that John likes Kathleen makes me happy and Teeny is my favorite rock star and I love Margeret Doucet alot.  Ew..two rows behind you.
I don't know why I ever bother. Christmas was the usual jubilant holiday - a day of loneliness and disappointment. I learn slowly.
Last night I got a box of Bertie Botts' Every Flavour Beans.  I feel it's my responsibility to warn you all: it is certainly an experience.  The vomit, soap, and sardine flavours are way too accurate to be enjoyable.  The rest weren't very good either.  Horrible, yet oddly enjoyable.  Easily worth $5 a box.  But consider yourself warned, if you haven't tried them already.
Current Annoyance/Hatred: my sister Current Thought: 'I'm going to move. I don't care where.' - Seriously considering moving in with Jay...of my own free will. I can't take one more day living with my sister. I just want to leave.
I, personally, would not hit it. Too bad for some grade school kids.   ThE BeRm 8054: EEEEWWWWW ThE BeRm 8054: who would fuck that ThE BeRm 8054: thats so grosss Higuy48: indeed ThE BeRm 8054: shes nasty ThE BeRm 8054: i wouldnt fuck her with my eyes closed
An important American building blew up.  Harry Potter isn't overly concerned.  Brilliant.  What a leader in the making, with such a winning attitude and cunning mind.  In the meantime, I've discovered that disco is dead for a reason.  On that note, most everything is dead for a reason.    I think I'll try to find a place to be alone with my thoughts, as they are a precious commodity around here.
Tom DeLay SICKENS me.   http://aolsvc.news.aol.com/news/art icle.adp?id=20050410123309990002&ncid=NWS00010000000001
http://www.gaiaonline.com/forum/viewtop ic.php?t=5842780    When I first spotted this particular thread I was in absolute shock. Now I'm just utterly disgusted that someone would downgrade our horrific loss that day to mere statistics!   I guess some people will never truly understand the impact of that day.
Terri Schiavo is dead, and  hospice demonstrators seem to know what's in God's heart .    "It grieves my heart to know that God's heart is grieving. God's desire's never to have death happen unjustly," Bashta said.  The morally and religiously righteous make me nauseous.
Geo is a horrible monster and I pray for his death.  geox777: why dont you toss the _____salad KingNuthing64: lmfao....fuck you  We'll let you fill in the blank.  Although you'd rather not, believe me.
Sara, don't read the message boards on imdb.com.  Not only are they full of annoying people but if you don't read them, you won't be told about things like potential remakes of  The Wicker Man  and thus can safeliy ignore their existance until they're actually in theaters.    Especially if said remake includes potentially moving the action to Maine.  What the  frell ?
I finally in the last month set up an Ebay account,  and just now set up a paypay account.  Damn you  Oldboy  and my need to own you!!!!!   Damn you Ebay.. damn you straight to hell.
i think the moffatts treated their fans really shitty. it was probably the drugs. idiots. i am losing so much respect for them the more i read about them.  ugh.     doesnt mean i dont want you to buy me the  hidell album  and  the moffatt dvd    the boston post cd doesnt even exist anywhere either. supposedly fans that ordered them didnt even recieve them.  the moffatts are so fucking lame.
Today was a mighty productive day... I learned two things...  1)I spend way too much money on the day that I get my pay cheque.  2)I am fat.  Shit.  Night.
You know, it amazes me how sick people can be.  Tonight at work a child was flashed by a man in our restroom.  I don&#8217;t think I can really go into detail as to what all took place & what&#8217;s being done about it, but why the fuck would someone do something like that?!  UGH!!!
It's time to snap out of this.  It's time to pull things together.  This is ridiculous.  I'm going nowhere.  I'm doing nothing.
You know, it amazes me how sick people can be.  Tonight at work a child was flashed by a man in our restroom.  I don&#8217;t think I can really go into detail as to what all took place & what&#8217;s being done about it, but why the fuck would someone do something like that?!  UGH!!!
TAMPA, Fla. ( AP ) - The medical examiner completed the autopsy of Terri Schiavo on Friday, clearing the way for the release of the body to her husband, who plans to cremate her remains and bury the ashes without telling his in-laws when or where.   What an ass.  That serves no purpose except to extend the grief and suffering of Terri's parents.
Oh NBC, how could you? Clay Aiken Christmas?  The funniest part, I guess, is that Clay Aiken became "famous" on FOX and now his lame Christmas special is on NBC. I guess FOX couldn't pony up the cash for him? Or maybe FOX realized how much he sucks?  It wouldn't be so bad if they hadn't defaced West Wing by putting this lame special right before it.  I really loathe most TV these days.
I finally in the last month set up an Ebay account,  and just now set up a paypay account.  Damn you  Oldboy  and my need to own you!!!!!   Damn you Ebay.. damn you straight to hell.
