I just made a very scary phone call to a scary goverment department about work experiance. I am now scared but I have work experiance.
Please tell me that this isn't happening. Please, please please. Why is it always Malfoy? If this is some sort of joke, it's not funny. What the hell was Sirius thinking?! I know he's restless but... but I would have taken him for a walk!  HE NAMED HIM RICO! I hope he pees on the git. And his shoes.  Fuck. I need to get him back. Before they figure it out.
It's all screwed up now. Just a matter of deciding which crumbs to save, and which to sacrifice. It'll never be fresh again until it has been ground into shit, recycled by nature, and then processed all over.
Updater:  Spiderplant.  Spidey no like bad dream. Are very bad.   No think no one should have bad dream.   Bad dream should no exist.
I just heard... just heard on the WWN of a "strange accident under investigation" in Hyde Park; heard the people out on the curb whispering about "You Know Who"...  ...watched the clock tick past twelve thirty with no sign of my idiot brother.  Hurry home, Freddy.  Oh gods.  Oh Merlin.  Please, Freddy be safe...
Here comes Friday... Work here till Wednesday then have to find a real job Then have to found a new place to live, buy furnitures and all the shit Energy drain incoming I should have do something since at least one month but can’t be convinced to move after a day of work So NOW it’s time to move my ass Hope I’ll find something good... I’m scary rhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Today I read       hello_kitti   's journal and I've been afraid of the murderous bunny with a long knife since then. May the Maker purge the world of these uncute abominations!!! *Maf!*
I've been going through the list of people who have me favorited on FF.net.  About half of them I know personally, and the other half... are freakin' scary... o_O  Dare I ask why I have homophobes, Sailor Moon buffs, and self-described "aussie beach bums" favoriting me?  And why, WHY must they all have such awful grammar?!
Holy crap!       goldrose    held up this thing she said was a mee-rur or something and I saw another cat inside! And it looked like me! And it copied everything I did, that bastard! I am so scared now!!! What if it gets out of the mee-rur and eats me? OMFG!!!!!
I've had this weird mix of scared and happy going on lately.  It's probably happiness in spite of things.  Nice to think how much better it would be if said things were taken care of.   *dreams*
IT'S DONE.  IT'S COMPLETE.  THE NUMBERS ALL TIE OUT.  I CANNOT SEE HOW THERE CAN POSSIBLY BE ANYTHING ELSE WRONG WITH IT.     IT'S DONE! IT'S DONE! IT'S DONE!       ...now I get to start on the next terribly complicated report, which was supposed to be due two days ago.  *whimpers*
AAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!    http://www.superlaugh.com/1/bushgirl.ht m   MY EYES!  SOMEONE GET ME A POKING STICK!
there are so many people here! daddy matt and daddy george are having some sort of function that requires all of the world to be here!  i can't deal with this kind of pressure!  must hide!  must hide!  aaaaaaaaagggggghhhhh!
so, josh was all, "watch  28 days later  with me!"  and i said, "i heard it was bad."  and he said, "no, i saw it, it was good. it's a fun zombie movie."  i'm sorry but there was neither fun nor zombies anywhere in that movie and i made him turn it off a little more then halfway into it. it was so disturbing, i couldn't handle it.
* flees  helter-skelter regardless of walls and other such minor inconveniences (to the living)*  THEEEEOOOODEEEEENNNNN!!!
*watches big black clouds approaching*  *hear HUGE clap of Thunder*  O_O  *hides*  I'm such a coward! *wibbles*
There's been another earthquake in Indonesea, North Sumatra, 8.5 on the Richta scale.  It's not known yet if another Tsunami has been triggered, I pray not.  *prays for everyone out there*
Well, shit.  I couldn't sleep so I thought it was a good idea to go on amazon and update my wishlist. AHAHAHHAHA. I have now about TWO DOLLARS left on my account.   If mom ever finds out, she will kill me and brick me up in a wall. If you guys don't hear from me for more than two weeks, CALL THE COPS OMG.  Ineedahobbie.
a friend of mine is in the hospital dying, another is in after an operation... another has lost her place to live two have fallen off the face of the earth...  i'm loosing those i care for.  Holes in the net of my world...  do you pray?  Pray for them, please?  i'm worried enough to do a meme...
Two more days.   Can it really be so soon? It doesn't seem so long ago that it was the last one - I still haven't managed to forget the feeling. Bones shifting, flesh changing...I can't stand it.   Why me? I can't stand to complain, but really.   Why me?   What did I ever do?
*gibbers*   She 'll find out it was me. She always finds out. Then I'm a dead man. Oh yes. WHAT WAS I THINKING!? Beware of Numenoreans bearing job offers, no matter how ticked-off you are with your sibling. Especially if said sibling is a dab-hand with a machete.   How much does a ticket to Eressea cost these days? :S
I am NOT an ACTor.  I DO NOT like THIS.  THESE ears ITCH and THERE are PEOple, so MANy PEOple.  I reaLLY NEED the COMfort of MY comPUTER studIo, aLONE, aLONE.  MUMmy.
I just fried my only other power supply. It went :  FLASH! "BUZZAP!!"  No smoke trickled from the casing, but it smells of burnt plastic. My face was half a foot away when the whole thing went bang. I think I'll go eat some brownies now....
But a woman dressed up as Ronald McDonald is up there at one of the messed-up images I've ever seen.   http://www.livejournal.com/users/miss_m cdonald/
"Keilis-Borok's team now predicts an earthquake of at least magnitude 6.4 by Sept. 5, 2004, in a region that includes the southeastern portion of the Mojave Desert, and an area south of it."  I love you guys.......
It would seem that i really DO need to go in for testing.  I can't get up stairs without help. My kneecaps seem to get a dull yet strong pain when I attempt to 'climb' anything.  Then theres the part where I can't seem to get them to move at all....  ...heres hoping this condition I might have... slows down some time soon.  Or I will be in a wheelchair by 25 years of age.
Howard Dean Chosen to Lead Democratic Party  He will be consulted by Ivan the Terrible, Atilla the Hun, Idi Amin, Adolf Hitler, Nicolas Ceausescu, King Leopold  and Pol Pot.   Time take follwup with my 2nd Amendment right.. cause THIS is just plain scary .
I dunno about you, but just the sheer idea of what's discussed at this site scares me like crazy (If you wanna know what it's about without going to the site, just look at the words after the # sign):   http://www.wonkette.com/politics/dc/inde x.php#jeb-bushs-chances-in-2008-036170
What Sexual Time Of Day Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla    I wrote this super great quiz...so you should take it..i think it's pretty cool...nessa scared me with stories about "The Ring" so now I know that I shouldn't see it because it would totally freak me out...i don't do scary movies well...well, anyway...g'nite to all happy rest of your weekend...
Well... that’s that. At least the fucking waiting is over.   I’m not sure I’ve ever dreaded the news owl that much.    Must sharpen my dagger. Must sleep with it under my pillow...   Actually, best not to sleep for a few days.
Well, I went and got myself injured. No ones fault, just a physical malfunction...stupid body. I need an upgrade! Went to the doctor, and he is sending me to a specialist at 4:30 tomorrow. Nothing life threating, but it screws over my plans for the holidays. I will more than likely have surgery soon, possibly tomorrow afternoon. I'm scared as hell...
has any one Seen Conrad/ Brit man/ Databeast!!   I Came home from nether world early last night and conrad went out to benders with Mar's roomate for anouther drink   he was saposed to walk home but he isn't here
I went and applied for a higher paying job with more hours. I sit quivering in fear of change wondering how this is gonna work out.  I realy have a hard time dealing with change. If I get on , it will mean less time online but more money for like oh .....DSL? X-mas gifts? trips to visit friends? house repairs, bills, Dragon Wagon upgrades, etc.
And now, it's time for...     Filled with such hate, she sleeps with tongue brandished and open eyes to see the reaction from aformentioned hate.     When approached, she moves in with incredible hateful speed! She's a living hate-filled blur!
He might have lung cancer.  It's just a rumor...but it makes sense.  *is very depressed and that's just the beginning of things*
I was going to post another bullshit meme, but I'm going to post this instead.  It's fucking TERRIFYING.   Florida really is the asshole of America.         maryjanedoe   , get the fuck out of that shitehole.        meatbtmanifesto   , promise me you'll never go back.
Sorry about the image quality. I would have backed up, but my arm only reaches that far.    This is the container for a small product information leaflet for a prescription drug. And yes, that is actual size.       Bonus points to the first to finish the quote in the title.
Where is       bloodlikewine    when we need him?! Ever other time he'd be here in the middle of the chaos. Tonight, when Anna is about one breath away from killing Star (a breath she doesn't have to have, I remind you), he's nowhere to be found.  Star, tell Anna her hair does not look like yours and that it does NOT LOOK LIKE A POODLE!  I don't know how long I can hold her. Dwayne! Help!
I have a hair-based make-over appointment in an hour and a half, in honor of my birthday.  Say good-bye to the old Bob, say hello to the new Bob, assuming, of course, that my eyebrows control my entire personality.  I'm hoping against it, but, hey, never know.
OMG,       crowdie   &nbsp; has updated his journal several times in the last few days.&nbsp; I'm getting worried.
"Unexplained muscle pain and weakness could be a sign of a rare but serious side effect and should be reported to your doctor right away."  i'm scared and i think i'm gonna die. jay gets my guitars. brett can have first pick of my cd's. everyone else can fight to the death over everything else. but it has to be in a pool full of pudding.
I am fucking terrified.  I leave on a plane tomorrow at about one thirty.  I fly all the fuck to Seattle!!  I'm flying United!!  I feel so dreadful about this.  Plus, the ativan I took last night was barely even strong at all.  I'm going to have to take two for the flight.  I have my ativan and I have my Kelly, but that doesn't matter if the  plane crashes!   I am hyperventillating (SP?!?!).
So i just read that Sam Rami is talking to new line cinema about the use of Ash from the Evil Dead series in a new movie.  It seems that they are planning on making Freddy vs. Jason vs. Ash.  I don't know if Bruce Campbell would play the part or not.  Seriously, what day exactly did Hollywood run out of ideas?
OMG! I have a reason...not a good reason, but it's a reason!!! to wake up on Saturday mornings again! OMG!! NOOOOOO  Well as some of you may know, Tokyo Mew Mew or well Mew mew power as it's called now started airing and well instead of a preview it looks like it's here to stay! OMG SAVE USSSS!!! LOL ya...I can't believe it's finally here, dubbed and on tv..omg WHAT HAVE THEY DONE!!!
Fuck you for existing in the first place.  Moving back to the dorms. Bloody exciting.   Pierced nose. HOT. And I do mean hot.
this page gets its bandwith exceeded at the drop of a hat, so you may have to try multiple times... hey, it's geoshitties, whaddaya 'spect?   http://www.geocities.com/christianfemdo m/parlor.html   the horror...     Do not fall prey to the false belief that mastery and domination are synonymous with manliness.     - Kent Nerburn
I found this in the fridge.     No idea what vegetabe this is.. dunno how to cook it. Anyone have an idea?  Don't think its Celery-cabbage. I have one of that in the fridge too. This is more "fluffy" than that.
It is a dark, dark day in the world of man.     http://www.cnn.com/2004/SHOWBIZ/TV/01/1 9/apontv.boohbah.ap/
LOOK OUT!   ïòð      fumbled_dreams is a radioactive squirrel!!     Username:     From  Go-Quiz.com   what... what is wrong with this picture?!?!  I KNEW THEY WERE EVIL!! I HATE THOSE GADDAMNED SQUIRRELS!!!
I have to prepare myself for a discussion we have to make tomorrow in the english lesson about Discrimination... and I'm really thrilled... I'm trying to look for something.. but what could I say?? Hope it'll be all right...
"The Office" NBC version kind of makes me cry. Everyone is thinner and less funny and they are using exact scripts and god.  Stop ruining one of my favorite things America.
This Spring weather that I was so joyously basking in has taken on a slightly sinister tone. It suddenly struck me this morning that Spring rebirth is a harbinger of Change. And I don't know if I'm ready for this Change that is coming. Each tiny leaf bud harbors doom. And there's nothing I can do about it.  And just so you know, Sugarfree Red Bull = Gross.
http://www.apple.com/trailers/dreamwork s/the_ring_two/trailer/   NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOO!!!
Damn it all. I'm in such a mess. At worst, I'm about to get suspended; at best, detention. I'm scared as hell and I don't know what to think anymore. Fuck...     To my calm side; my other: Save me...please Drive me far away from here Hold me and don't let go Protect me That's all I've ever wanted from you That's all I really need
Final Fantasy Child by ChaoticSoul      Your Name           Your Mother    Yuffie      Your Father    Wakka      Looks from...    Mother      Attitude from...    Mother      Weapon from...    Father               Quiz created with MemeGen  !       o.O Should I be scared?
Mental note: Do not drive to friendly but krowded klub, sober without closeclose friends ever ever again.  Haha reminds me of Bernard Black quote: "I didn't like the party. The drinks were few and the people many." xxx
I just got pulled over for the first time EVER.  No ticket, just a warning   BUT STILL, I feel like BLAH!   *cries*
Following up on  yesterday's post , have a look at Games Workshop's  six-month share price chart .  Ow.
I had this terrible horrible no good very bad dream last night that I was back in Alabama. I kept crying and wanting to come home but for some reason I had to stay there, and I was totally freaked out until I woke up.   ICK.  Speaking of ICKS, one down, (well, almost) one to go.  ::::Cackles evilly::::
Someone get me off this emotional roller coaster. I don't want to think about scary things like mono and other unmentionables. I hope this is all just because I messed up in taking my medicine. Stupid tour.    I can't stop shaking...
Must...not...watch...court tv...  must...not...read...true crime stories....   I'm just about  the  most pacifistic person there is, but I have a macabre interest in this all...   I'm not gonna be able to sleep tonight....
1.)&lt;*font color="yourusername"&gt; &lt;*b&gt;yourusername&lt;*/b&gt;&lt;*/font&gt; 2.) Eliminate the asterisks. 3.) Replace "yourusername" with your user name. 4.) See what color you are.      xschizyx    I'm scared for her life.
I'm dead.  Dead dead DEAD.  Five OWLS?  Five ?  Oh shit. Oh shit. Oh SHIT! My ass is grass.  Maybe I can move to Thailand.
wow. did last night really happen? i'm not too sure, but i think operation SBN01 was a success. boy, did i fuck up this time. but hey, i made a new friend out of it. so there's one good thing, i guess.
nonono. this isn't supposed to be like. i gave up on you a long time ago. you are a lost cause. i got the point that you weren't interested in me.  so then, why were you seducing me last night? these feelings aren't supposed to come back!   i'm not allowed to like you...
...Why do I even bother reading the Anime Manga/Comics section on Gaia? The n00bs melt my brain... :gonk:
erg. my grades:  Alg 2/Trig H : B-  my parents will murder me for this. they want an A+ Hn English 8 : B PE : B+ &lt;-- WTF?!?!!? omfg thats so gay i got A's on track n field -_____- i think its cuz im lazy during xcountries Hn Science 8 : B+ -_____- History 8 : A- French 2 : A-  OVERALL GPA: 3.33  *hangs myself before my parents can kill me* *rope snaps in half*  &gt;
Working UW graveyard again, And I'm overwhelmed by the abundant network connectivity.   Email? Live Journal? Fazed? Fark? Consumption Junction?   Wow. I could go a million different places, see a million different things, talk to a million different people!  I think I'm going to continue to munch on my crackers and french-onion dip, and watch a dvd until I re-acclimate to technology again...
It's two am in the morning and I'm awake. Doors are locked and wand is nearby. I can't bring myself to fall asleep because I'm so afraid that Lucius Malfoy will suddenly barge in.  I'll be gone in five days. I intend to enjoy my time here with Draco. He's so sweet. *remembers garden incident* I am soo sleepy. Maybe I'll take a nap. Nothing will surprise me. Yes, Nothing to fear.
I had Life for breakfast this morning.  It was so sweet, and made pure by the milk caressing every square of it.  With every bite, I thought it seemed too good to be true-- I was very hungry.  But I discovered that Life is real.  I can hold it in the palm of my hand and eat it up until the box is empty.  If only I had a lifetime supply of it.
Since the invention of blogging and journal on the internet. Our life and events are partially stored in this digital world. Imagine we have kids and they growing up 10 years - 20 years from now, they can read our journal online and wonder how do they feel.
On phone with Dell literally all night.  There's a chance I can get some of my stuff back.  A small chance, but it's my only hope at the moment.  Please please please PLEASE.  I really do want to go to grad school...
Everytime I go to the bathroom in the middle of the night, I get scared that  &gt;this&lt;  is going to happen. Nice to know my little irrational fear isn't so&hellip; irrational.   ~shiver~
Who was the man sitting on the doorstep, the one Serwen was  afraid  of, the man she didn't wish me to know more of?  More importantly is that Serwen was afraid, she's afraid of nothing!  Could this man who apparently escaped from custody be responsilbe for my mysterious 'gifts'?
I didn't sleep again, but it's okay 'cause it's a half day and that's the way...uh huh I like it.  I put the ellipsis there so that the rhyme would keep going, kthx!!!1  I said good day sir.
So our Defense professor was burnt to death somehow and I don't know how or why and it's  horrible.   That awful girl who turned me into a  pig  was saying mean things about how he had a high temperature or something which I think is even horribler, except horribler isn't a word, I don't think.   I want to go home.
Is it going to come down to this... will the thing that I have feared most in life happen? please don't let it come to this...
Remember the 2000 elections? This time it was different. Well, that's what we are told.   Here is someone  who says that, again, just like 2000, the wrong person is becoming the president!  One thing is clear: Americans can't count. ;-)  -- There are only three kind of people: those who can count and those who can't.
OK, I think.  Good, I'll get you some refills.  Is this me? Is this me, shouldn't I be crying more? Shouldn't I be out finding things to rescue? Didn't everyone want to strangle that me? Especially when I kept having panic attacks bad enough to go to the hospital?    The search for self is huge.  I don't think it ever ends.  I finally get my Roses tomorrow.  Ben is so...awesome.
I was playing Fatal Frame 2 yesterday.  I cannot seem to sleep today.  The game has me THAT FUCKING scared. Gah.
And now that I can post animated gifs, here are some frames from a Glico Pocky commercial that looks like it was scripted by horror manga artist  Junji Ito ( Uzumaki ):      Oh no, the curse of the spiral has invaded my Pocky!
and sometimes with a glance and a song, it all comes rushing back.  its so scary to be completly alone.  its not even about the bitterness anymore.  its beyond that.  now its just the memories of love that haunt me.  why am i so scared.
incarceration until my mom stops being crazy &gt;_&lt; its possible i could die before that tho... its rather unfair 0.  voice recital - went ok? i think thanks alex and rye for comin &lt;3 and kendra and heather and joe (pick me up tomorro   gotta go do stuff ill have a highly workin cell for the next couple of dayz w00t expect some calls/texts from me = D  much love *mwah*
A bill before the Virginia legislature proposes vanity license plates that say "TRADITIONAL MARRIAGE." They will also "a symbol, two interlocked golden wedding bands over a red heart."   Article  (via  Boing Boing )
http://lifeaftertheoilcrash.net   Reading this has made me want to die now, before we're  entirely  messed up.  *cry* I might write a song expressing my fears on this threat to mankind soon.
...barring a miracle I can't go to Reading.  Mum is highly reluctant to book the time off as this would be unpaid leave.  Grandad would need to cancel a golf tournament, which he probably wouldn't.  Mum will certainly not let me go alone.  There's no real way of rearranging a date.  If I don't go to Reading, I won't go to Leicester.    The rebellion begins here.
We just got the calendar for next school year and OMG my graduation date is on it. May 28th. How unbelievably terrifying. That, and school starts two days later and ends eight days later than this year. Why do we need two extra days for each study week? Why? Why?
theres one orkane leaving and other one just coming. will be here tonight! Here havent been over 30 years no orkans and now two! and my tummy hurts. and my teacher hates me. But at least I am registed to exams!
I have just under two and a half months of school left until I snag my degree in Sociology and Anthropology.  Wow.
...he tried to kill me.....  All this time, I thought he cared about me  he even promised to protect me ....and then he...the way he looked at me was different.  Not that gentle smile like before.  This was pure hatred.  I have to get out of here.     I'm sorry I didn't answer you before.  I honestly don't know what came over me  or Vincent , but I'll come back to Traverse Town as soon as I can..
I just realized, like, half a second ago that I start gym class today!! SAVE ME!! Gym = evil + death.
My Maths teacher from two years ago has been diagnosed with lung cancer. He's had cancer before. He's thirty-eight years old and has three children, the oldest of whom is twelve. He's the only Maths teacher I've ever had who didn't make Maths class suck.   It's not fair.
drtboi    is too sick too go to Wondercon today.I will have to go by myself.and one of the ants died.
Naomi gave us a scare last night, managing to find the cap from a water bottle and wedge it in her mouth. She could breathe, but couldn't figure out how to get it out, and was quite annoyed about it. I got it out, and within minutes she was back to putting things in her mouth, so I guess she wasn't too traumatized.  Naomi appears to be able to speak to cats and to rockers who yell "yeah!"
Wow.  They're still using that creepy picture of Karla Homolka.   Rex Murphy refers to her as the  Valley Girl of Death
Ah! I read both of the notes "K" left for Britney and Dan. I'm REALLY freaked out. I hope everything is ok. This is freaky and my mom is goin nuts! I'm happy that Dan got a bodygurad!!  JAMIELYNN
oh my god haunted by the beach boys how much i HATE their music and putting up with an hour of it in New York was bad enough, i now turn on radio 1 and find Brian Wilson singing 'in my room' :| what's going on?    arrrgh!!!
Hurricane Isabel is coming straight for my town, so this'll be my last post for awhile. Pray for us and all the other states in it's path. Thank you.  Later.  ~Skye-chan
Ok, so i have my old job back, go out drinking with a group of old friends from about 8 years ago, and end up staying at an exes house, the one who took all my innocence from me!!  Am i going full circle here or what??  Weird.
wow i wonder how i will fuck this up i will try my best not to, i hope this feeling doesn't end but i am sure it will
The Pulp Bee pot holders are washed.  I'd talk about how long ago the last time was that they were washed here, but to my recollection, such a time does not exist.
i'm not quitting hardcore and i am still going to go to shows.....but i need a little break......i might go to the october 29th show
People are coming over to check out the house tomorrow. If it gets over $180,000 mum is allowing us to stay.        *crosses fingers*
Mmmmm.... Thimerosal.  Nothing like working with peristaltic pressure filtered, 20x concentrated, thimerosal containing compounds in a 10' x 12' room all by yourself for 45 minutes.  Right before lunch.  Yay!  EtOH = Good! EtHg = Bad!  Alcohol-mercuric compounds are at least as much fun as phorbol-acetate compounds dissolved in DMSO.
I just put an organic instrumental track up at...  http://www.angelfire.com/music5/farmerp imp    A few 1 take tracks of beat-boxing, bass, guitar, humming, and whistling.
my mom's in the hospital down in la because she couldn't see out of one eye. i'm really worried. i hope that she'll be ok.
Guess who's terrified to go to Spanish and German class today because he hasn't studied either language in the past 3 years but in his infinite wisdom decided it would be a good idea to take literature classes conducted solely in those languages?  It's me!  Hopefully, I'll find myself a nice little corner to cower in and pray I don't get asked any questions.
I'm finally able to come out of hiding.  There are more kitties here again and another who looks like mommy.  I'm scared.  When anyone but daddy comes near I get scared and have to hide under his bed.  I come out to eat and go potty once in a while.  But mostly stay under daddy's bed.  Meep, here comes someone, must go!
scaryscaryscary...  So I get home, I'm practically in the door, when I hear this horrible screechsquealscream coming from somewhere... Eastish of us... yipes. Just yipes.
I'm so glad we all made it here alive, but I'm still terribly scared. (Though I guess I don't have to fear anything, because mother would talk any vampire to death...)  I'm really lucky that I have Rogion who will protect me, though I hope he won't have to. I wouldn't want anything happening to him!  But hopefully the vampires won't come here at all...
Notebook writing versus online journal writing.&nbsp; I still like that&nbsp; first of the two more.&nbsp; I don't know why.&nbsp; Maybe because it's more intimate or maybe cause&nbsp;i somehow become lost in my thoughts and drift from what i normally am.&nbsp; Insecurities that makes one cautious and lack of _____ to give a damn.&nbsp;
Taking Back Sunday was AMAZING!  My Pumpkin is Amazing! It is a guitar! THANK YOU EVAN FOR DRAWING IT FOR ME! I will take a picture and put it on here so everyone can see the amazingness!  I didn't win the pumpkin carving contest at work but it was because the judges were 9843570398758457 years old and didn't appreciate my guitar. WHAT A JOKE!
tonite as i was minding my own business in the kitchen, making cupcakes actually...and brian came in saying that was weird noses.   yep.  dunno what it is.  it sounded like a dying dog.   horrible.   yikes.
Somebody help me i'm stuck in a room with jasmine and i'm going to kill her very soon.  Her face is giving me the creeps, she looks like the creeper I think i'm going to cry. you've seen her face don't you feel sorry for her or me.
oh yeah, i do have somethin to say!!  i'm cutting my hair off today. TO MY SHOULDERS!!!!  it's past my butt now!!  i'm gonna donate it to locks of love
LiveJournal Haiku!       Your name:    utterlyfabulous      Your haiku:    would like to know what in eru's name did i do wrong?~legolas since      Username:                Created by  Grahame        ~a now freaked-out Legolas~
hey people!!!!! i'm havin a blast! im on the manarch of the seas and other than im freakin out cause theres no land im havin a really good time!! n e ways just thought id update!  peace out!  love you tommy!!!
This morning, in a moment of brash decisiveness, my parents and I enrolled me in CWRU for the 2005-2006 school year.  Oh dear god.
I will never. Ever. Be teaching primary school kids. As long as I live.  Remind me of this resolution, should I ever have the choice between living under a bridge and taking a job as a primary-school teacher. I'd rather STARVE than do that again!  Apart from that, rehearsals go well. Everything goes well. I will do the exams in February with surprising ease. And nothing can keep me. Ho-ho-ho. x_x
I got a problem cant really say what it is but its bad and im afraid im gonna get my feelings hurt. I think i have to be the stupidest person in the world or the most gullible. bye.
Has anyone heard - does anybody have any information on this 'Hecate's Curse' illness?  Please, I think I've --   I mean, I've heard some people mention it and it sounds... not good, and I just want to know what it's all about?
I saw that Scott had a bad day but mine was worse. I actually WAS fired. I don't know what I'm gonna do...
For those of you who dont know, Ive been having very bad nightmares, and I have just been woken up by another one. This is just rediculous... I dont fear anything like this yet I keep having dreams that say bad things are gonna happen, this is fucking rediculous.
Last night I woke up in the middle of the night with my body going into a spasm. My arms and legs were moving around wildly, uncontrolled by me. My body jerked itself around. The whole thing lasted for about 10 seconds before my body returned to normal.  I don't know what to do. It's a bit scary...
well i was just eating dinner and my mom tells me that i gatta go to the dentist tomorrow ahha i'm scared... i hate dentistes their really scarry.cuz i mite need brases for my bottem teeth and a retainer for my top... *biting my nails* i'm sacred
Good god.  ...  posted  in April/May of 2004   ... posted  today    ... and we're doing it for  this ?
the hurricane is suppose to hit tomorrow...And I am scheduled to work at 1:00.  I hope they call and say that I don't have to come in.
Well, I suppose I could spend a whole post saying "fuck" over and over again, but I guess I'd hate to remember that's what I thought about this day in ten years.  *sigh*  Well, fuck it.   Earlier this evening I found out that somewhere around december 17th, I will be a father.       Edit: APRIL FOOLS! I knew my life needed a change, but I didn't expect this.
you know I have no idea how to build up to this so I'm just going to say it. yesterday I found out that I'm HIV positive  there really isn't any more to say is there?  other than I'm scared
i'm home talked to mom for long things progressing towards better...  thanks       Planet Telex (l.f.o. jd mix)  -  Radiohead
my heart is racing and i can't breathe. what the hell is wrong with me and why can't the doctor figure it out?!
Four or five days eariler I meet a boy, who was friend of my friend :D He's very cool and i can talk with him all the time... But now he go on holidays... He'll back for a 3 day &gt;&lt;" I have longing ToT I thin he's now my best friend... Yeah... and LynX (friend of friend :D) today bought a drums yeah... Now we rocks ! :D
i am not ready for this.  mom has like 5 biopies or something being done for cancer..  and my dad is slowly weakening and getting a lot worse.  i want us to be okay before they die.. and things are not okay.
This  makes me cry.  It includes the 'happy ending' version of  Romeo and Juliet .  I despair for humanity.
I'm really worrying about exams. I'm taking 5 modules. Two are 100% coursework and I've already failed one. The rest of my modules are 80% exam. I have to pass them. I'm so paranoid they're not going to let me come back next year.  I'm worried I'm just going to give in to my mood and not do anything.
now i know that life isnt going to stay good. its gonna go back to the way it was. maybe not the same circumstances, but the feelings will be the same. i know its gonna happen. it will happen soon. its only a matter of time
All I'm gonna say right now, is that I'm facing a major change. The rest I've been sworn to secrecy to. Nobody can know, and nobody will know, not until there's proof that this change is gonna happen. I'm scared, I'm confused, and I sure as hell didn't ask for more problems. But I accept it, because if this is really what God wants I can't fight it.  But I hate it nonetheless.
i have to give away my crocodile hunter tickets because or the smog in totonto. i couldnt breath at all last night and i am having trouble now. dammit.
Days left before rent is late:  approximately 4 Days left before food is gone:  unknown, but soon..less than a week Days left before medicine is gone:  today
Uh-oh...  Hint:  Look at my information page and find the date.  You'll know why, it's coming after midnight tonight.
KT's listening to gothic music and Allsino is listening to gay music. What is wrong with them?! I don't know what to say to them....... Some advice please?
little davis hit his head at school today, so i had to wake up, drive to fuquay, and pick him up from school early.  he had a HUGE knot on his forehead...i felt so bad for the little guy and i didnt want him to ride the bus home.  poor davis...  he's doing fine now..no concusion or anything..i was just soo worried   gotta go to work!  love always~
O.O   I'm supposed to be a WOLF right now. A black one. And a lot taller. This isn't a wolf's body!! What the FUCK is going on here?
to make a long story short.. based on some things that are going on at work I may be looking for a new job in a month or so...   this is scary, I thought by now my life was semi set, but then thanks to the nafc school corporation it's not... asses.
We all piled into the TARDIS and took off to get to the Carnival everyone seems to be at...  Unfortunately, the Doctor ran into a comet (he is really having a bad week) and now we're stuck in it.  And the comet is heading straight for the supernova.  Eeeeeek!
I appear to have gone missing! If you've seen me around the house, PLEASE respond and tell me where I am.
I just played one more lovley, made it to the end of the song, and failed, and the fail screen of cyberia style scared the shit outa me. It was like, BOOM YOU SUCK.....lol, not realy, but it said failed, and came like a freaking ghost. I thought i was gonna die. :P  I dont know if i can go to sleep......
It takes a lot to worry me about this stuff but...   http://digital-journal.com/wb/1011/arch ives/000789.html
my mom told me my doctor called. there's some more cancer in my body. i don't even know what to think anymore.   (sorry if i've made you ridiculously upset by not answering my phone, it doesn't seem like the biggest deal to me when my mind is clearly preoccupied. this is my "shit i have to deal with", and if you don't wanna be my friend because of it, then i guess it's really out of my hands.)
Today...i did the wrong thing...at the wrong time...everything was just so wrong...  ...I am sorry...Please forgive me...   "...xiang ni xiang ni ye neng, cheng wei shi hao..."
...very cold here...and so quiet...the voices are gone...they disappeared when I went through that small town.  ...so much screaming. I'm relieved it's finally gone away. I couldn't take it anymore.  But I can't stay here...there was somewhere I was supposed to be.   Squallwhereareyou?
So yeah...next to the theatre on my campus there is some whacko waving a gun around. My entire school is under lock down and they have brought out the SWAT team to deal with the lunatic. This is kinda scary.....
Merlin screwing Circe down a hill, what on Earth...how did they conceive...there's a DANCE to this thing?  ...what's this "video clip" thingie...  Bloody unbelievable!  It's like a line of spasming golems!  I almost can't bear to watch, but I do have to wonder if that's *all* they do??  ...you know, after the ninth listen, it doesn't seem too bad.  Sort of...addictive, almost?  Oh, dear.
http://www.lex18.com/Global/story.a sp?S=2989614&nav=EQlpWjof    Looks like it's time to delete everything on my hard drive. Again.    C'mon everybody... to the public libr'y! We gots us some books to burn!
This song  just came on my Launchcast. I am now afraid to turn it on ever, ever again. Sweet jebus. It's like bad, bad smutfic to music. Somebody hold me. Please.
Um.  ESPN 950?  I certainly hope what you just announced about the Colts trading Edgerrin James for the rights to Ricky Williams is a joke.  It is... right?  (Well, at least if it's true, the announcement of Vanderjagt's re-signing is welcome...)
My dad just called.  There was a car accident.  My mom's in the hospital.  I have to go home.  I…  He said it was bad and I need to hurry.  I don't know when I'll be back.
It's dreadful.  He's... he's  here .  Or can be apparently.  My sanctuary from him...  Is not safe anymore.  Maybe... maybe he's forgotten I exist?    There is both comfort and hurt in that thought.    There's nothing I can do about it.  Right now, I can only prepare my infirmary for the worst and hope that Albus and the Potter boy can actually do something and pull off a miricle.
I'm watching Prince of Egypt. Paraphrasing--  "I'm trying to build a dynasty. I cannot have a weak link in the chain."  Ye Gods, Pharaoh is C.F.  Is he not,       lareinenoire   ?
Well, I told him that I kinda felt the same way.  I don't know why it took so long for me to tell him my answer.  O_o  Maybe cuz I kinda still like po a little.  I keep telling myself that he does't like me back like that.  It's working well so far.  So I might have someone very soon.  How come it still doesn't feel right?       jin
every year it snows this day.. where's the snow?  I don't know if i'll make it through this day.  Sydney
I was listening to my media player on the computer when out of nowhere a disjointed music box tune started playing. By  itself . I stopped the song I was listening to, to find the music box, but it slowly stopped before I could find it. And it was playing what sounded like "row, row, row your boat" which I'm pretty sure we don't even have a music box that plays that tune.
Now it's March.  Exactly 4 months, 2 days until I turn 18.  So many plans, so little time.  It seems I have had this journal forever.  So much has happened.    Alexis wants to talk to me.  I'm scared to death.  Every time a girl says she wants to talk, I feel like it's over.  So, I'll be waiting for her on AIM later tonight.  Faux aj.  As always.
I coughed then I choked then I couldn't breathe.  WTF happened? o_o dat's just creepy.  I lay in bed most of the day.
I can't keep going. There isn't any sign of any lead. I just... can't keep hope up any more.  I'm tired. And so afraid.
Holy Shit    there are two count them 1, 2 Ryan Mooneys!!!!   im scared right now!  and ya know if you happen to know anymore ryan mooneys, just let me know!
OMG i am sititng at  home watching Cheetah girls ( yes obsessed cant help it)  and HERE COMES a BOOM! i am like WHAT happend? usually trucks make the ground move but this was diffrent. i was like we just had an earthquake. it was so fast. nothing rummbling or nothing it was like a big door slam.  i just asked Lani and she confirmed we had one  AAAAAAAAAAAAH  Shala
So, tomorow is my interview. Please pray for me if you love me. I have some work to do to prepare. I really want this job. I just hope I get it.
I have no idea when so many of us degenerated into grumbling, disatisfied individuals. The boys right now have SAF to blame for their misery but my own perpetrators have been pushed smacked down into the recesses. And still the hurricane whirls.
i'm off to our company party/get-together tonight. And, i'm going to dance....  I'M GOING TO FREAKIN' DANCE!!!  AHHHHH!!!! life is so cruel...shoot me.
Today I slept in a bed that smells like soap. It's only good for the first couple of hours... and then you have this horrible nightmare about Anthony Hopkins's face fading away in a car wash.
the practice test site is down that is where all his test questions come from therefore, no one read any of the chapters because we all just study those questions  test is in less than 3 hours abandon all hope
illumine77's LJ stalker is smidgeon!      smidgeon is stalking you because they think you are rich and they want your blingbling. They are also in jail for murder!       LiveJournal Username:       LJ Stalker Finder  From  Go-Quiz.com
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    third eye blind is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator        It guessed one of my dirty pleasures!  Creepy!
It's great feeling like crap and about to go to bed.  At least it will be better tomorrow.  Sometimes, it would be cool to not have the female mood swings.
sddjgkldjgdlk AIM ISN'T WORKING FOR ME. *cries quietly* WTF? WORK, DAMN YOU.  Just... FUCK. WORK. WORKWORKWORKWORK.  ... This is Danielle, freaking out.
i had a weird afternoon..but thats not the point...i have a job..thats the point...i am teaching water aerobics at the student center..@6:45 AM..mon, wed, fri..i start as soon as the noodles come in..i was excited..then i remembered what my aerobic classes used to be like...suddenly i am not Emily
breaking brittle moments  exploding into shreads  i'm holding onto strings  turning into threads    obsession or denial  love or misery  i wish that you could lose yourself  somewhere beside me    trying to be lost in the illusion  the wrongs can't be forgiven  the rights too soon forgotten  we were too good to be true
there was a silverfish, and it was on my curtians, which are right next to my bed! and I hate silverfish! and they scare me and freak me out and it was right next to my bed and why was it there!!!!meh!!:(  Devils spawn satans minions!! Eh I hate silverfish and I'm sick and I really don't need to feel afraid of my bed right now, I wanted to sleep in it! :(
To market to market to buy a fat pig, home again home again jiggity jig.   I really am excited about farmers tonight, but it is dripping here at school so I don't want to treck down there only to find it cancled. HELP ME, if you know it is cancled before 4 PLEASE PLEASE CALL ME AND LET ME KNOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  SAN RAFAEL FARMERS MARKET 4TH ST. 6-9pm IF YOU CALL I WILL BE EXTEMELY THANKFUL
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it is gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.
Hagrid says he'll see what he can do, see if there's anything I can help him with.  Dumbledore lent me his penseive, and asked me to come back and talk to him, after.   There was a paper crane on my doorstep.  I can't do this. I don't want to remember. I want to *forget*. I want the dreams to go away. I want to be okay again.
I just spent way too much money to go to one interview that I already know probably won't pan out.  What am I doing?  I can't afford this!  Eeeeep! Rapid heat rate, shortness of breath, oh yeah, definitely having a small panic attack.   Job hunting sucks, particularly when it's from half-way across the country.
I'm about to go vote in my first presidential election. Wish me luck in getting through the hoops they're setting up this year. Ohio is one of the key states, so I'm afraid of what the polls are going to be like.  In other news? I made a Nip/Tuckish mix for       justpopemotion   . Thus with the spam.
I look around, my world is turned upside down all that made sense, is leaving my mind restless i want this all to be set right,  where our only worry is when we will hold each other tight i hope you never forget,  our destined love is the reason why we met i love you for all you are and arent and try to be, and especially for the way you love and see me.
gr8grizz    shared this on his LJ.  I encourage everyone to share it outside the gay community.  It's frightening to say the least.   How To Spot A Fascist Regime
Exams are tommorow, therefore, I am doomed.  Good luck everyone else.  And for content's sake, here's a thought of mine:  "The internet has given humanity the gift to speak without fear of physical consequences; it's a shame that people use this gift to spread ignorance instead of wisdom."
Wait a sec, OMG, the English orals are tomarrow, aren't they? FUCK! NO NO NO! I haven't studied at ALL! (*cries*) Shit, why do awesome birthday parties always have to come right when I need to study?! AHHHH!
i start college on tuesday. i'm scared. i have to travel through london to get there. panic, panic.       wing_attack    why are you staying at op?! ctk is so much better!
I was meaning to update this every day this week, but revising has got on top of me a bit. perhaps I should take more advantage of being home alone to use the internet, but whatever. too busy panicking about my spanish exam tomorrow at the moment. eek!
Yesterday, I've forgot to mention that when I was coming back home from school, I toke the metro and at the last station, something happened. I saw an average lady who seems to not feel well. Then suddenly, she fell off and lose consciousness. Every people in the same wagon was in panic, I've pull the emergency and finally sometimes take care of the average lady. This event scared me.
getting ready to go to the oral surgeon to get a tooth pulled ahhhh so scary wish me luck and if i die split up my belongings fairly
i know it cant stay like this forever. but. please let it just be people jumping to conclusions, and making assumptions.. and if it is true... let no one lie about it. i should know, i cant ever win. i just thought maybe this one would turn out how people say.  see. now im thinking the worst. i gotta stop.  ill be ok. really.
This is painful.  "The woods are lovely, dark, and deep, But I have promises to keep, And miles to go before I sleep, And miles to go before I sleep."  God damn it.  I can't cry, and I can't say what I want to say.    Good luck, my friends, and I'll see you soon.    ;D  for old times' sakes,  jules
so im getting kicked out.  but im under 18 so wendy and i have an appointment with noahs anchorage next week after school to talk about me living there so yea im going through my shit right now throwing stuff away and nina i cant go to la with you on sat. ill call you when i get back
Well, I've got some pretty big news to share. I'm a bit worried about this all, though...  It's kinda long, so I'm going to cut it.    What? You thought something interesting actually happened in my life?  *laughs*  APRIL FOOL'S  *runs from the beatings*
Pray for me. First Final coming up too soon and I'm so not as ready as I want to be. For some reason this piece of Wagner seems appropriate.
Tomorrow at 10am, I will be sitting down in a meeting with both my supervisor and the president of the company to discuss my position and salary.  So freaked out.
Dear James,  We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted for the 2005 fall semester at the University of North Texas.  We congratulate you on your decision to join our educational community and look forward to welcoming you to our campus  well folks thats where im headed =) i hope i survive =// im scared but happy
About to go in for oral surgery... it's my last chance to be able and comfortable to speak for a while, and my physical capacity to speak is going unused. As usual.
Well, mother nature has decided to make her displeasure about something known to us in Santa Barbara. It's thunderin'and lightnin' like a  mofo . I could hear it in the SHOWER. I could hear the rain, on the roof, in a first-floor shower. This is Apocalypse-style weather, y'all.   I'm going to be spending the night huddled under my covers.
Would anyone want to bang you? by phobia      Name:           Favorite Food:           Wants to Bang you:           This many times:    44             Created with the ORIGINAL   MemeGen  !       ...eep
Now i'm slipping into the twilight zone..this is a mAdhouse..feels like being cloned..where am i to go now that i've gone too far..again???????????????????????...fall ing down a spiral...the night ways heavy on hig guilty mind...where am i to go now that i've gone too far??
I get in to work this morning, and what's the first thing I'm told?  "FYI-cockroaches found today in helpdesk. maint may not be able to exterminate until next week."  X_x
first dress rehearsal today. went quite well.   just got back home from seeing the ring two with meggie and jay. wow. fucking scary. good thing jay was there? ahah what a chicken!   i like scary movies, and the ring and now the ring two are the only ones to get me really scared.   well, i think i shall call it an early night. i have to be at scholl at 8:30 tomorrow for another dress.  nighty.
You thought that when the US does bad anime dubs we're the only ones who suffer?  OH NO.  The Japanese people cry and hate us and then  rape Queen songs to let us know how it feels for them .
Just watched Misery.   Fuckin' why?!  I don't know.   I need chocolate and a happy movie.  McKenzie and I are going to be happy together.
I don't know what this will mean, but (at the risk of sounding like Dan Gillmor) it definitely isn't good.   The coming crackdown on blogging   http://news.com.com/The+coming+crackdow n+on+blogging/2008-1028_3-5597079.html?p art=rss&tag=5596640&subj=news   Federal Election Commissioner Bradley Smith says that the freewheeling days of political expression on the Internet may be about to end.
i have two exams tomorrow.  and i think im gonna fail my bio exam.  so .. what am i doing about it?  going on the internet and eating chocolate.
I know I haven't had a "real" update in ages, but I do promise to get caught up soon, especially since I only have two more days of school before the summer... whoo! Anyway, here's a rare quiz result. Although I don't normally post these, I was talked into posting one. Yay, etc.       Which LOTR Woman are you?
Ok Saturday night I was sharing the bed with Chris and James and ONE OF THEM POKED ME!!!!  ONE OF THEM POKED ME!!!!!  I AM SCARED FOR LIFE!!!!  Leave me something to make me feel better...and less dirty
This is a creepy story of a haunted Stitch doll.  http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?Vi ewItem&category=1469&item=5566217149&rd=1&ssPageName=WDVW   Even if this is a hoax, the guy did a good job of it. I'm more freaked out than i was when watching the Ring or Ju-on. Someone hold me ;_;
I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview.   I'm gonna screw it up, I JUST KNOW IT.
Boo-yah. A new flash movie, new website layout and a whole lotta... stuff. Yeah... stuff.   I'm planning on advertising the livejournal on all of the boards I visit in my sig... Yeah.  0h n0z!!!!!!1111111111oneoneoneone()|\|E  My parents are taking me to Mexico and... 1: Mexico is evil. 2: ..Remember something about 9-11? Yeah, me too.
Things are going great , school is awesome I'm coming to terms with mom and dad.....and the divorce I'm starting to think about other guys I've got great true friends..no way can this be happeneing..I've so got to be wrong..it's got to be stress.....
Just watched the latest Dr Who, hiding under a duvet for the scary bits.    I can stand aliens, explosions and the End Of The World As We Know It just fine, but séances and blue ectoplasm things give me the humorous vegetables.   Speaking of vegetables, for lunch today       elerrina_amanya    and I made pasta in olive oil, garlic and tomato bits. It was really quite good, surprisingly.
Dude...I woke up at 11AM, and then settled in and watched a friggin  marathon  of  America's Next Top Model  until 7PM.&nbsp; I&nbsp;have a FINAL on Monday that I neeeeeeed to do well on--what is  wrong  w/ me?!?!&nbsp;
I saw this and cried....It seems Mariah Carey is going to be playing the live action Jem...not that the song Glitter and Gold(cough...would bring up bad memories for her) I think it will kill her career. Anyways I wanted to post it cause I thought it would be a nice find. :)
The Seventh Seal has been broken!  The Great Beast is upon us, with a wailing, and a gnashing of teeth!  It is.... The End of the World!
Exam this afternoon. poo. stayed up late last night trying to figure out livejournal stuff so im tired. absolutely terrified for exam. on a happier note, i figured out how to add the moods and music at the bottom. what fun!
hey...were really not but im scared shitless... this hurrican frances is on its way to florida with winds up to 140 cat. 4 people being evacuated and worse of all..i jsut found out my house is wood framed..great...lol..umm alot of people are scared and leaving north...im going...good luck to all who live in fl..adios ~dani~
I hate being home alone at night.  This place is kinda creepy sometimes... Today was a not so good day.  I would have rather yanked my fingernails off than work with those excel files any longer.  GRRRRR. Hopefully Scotty will be home from work soon...and I wish the stairs would quit cracking!!!
I did Not write this &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Learn all about  teen lingo  Did he just say "Off the heezy my nephew?"  What the heck does that mean?
Right now I'm sitting in the computer lab at the Engineering building... extremely tired....about to die...finished my work....hmmm......I have to walk upto the library now, and it's dark and scary,,,....boohoo.....I hope nothing weird happens.....
Thought i would post pictures from thursday with gracie.       Parading around the area           AT RIVERFRONT       WHILE WAITING IN LINE    BEST PICTURE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!          LOOK, ITS THE GRACIE    WE HELD A PUCK GUY'S SPOT          CONCERT!!!!!!    stacy is my favorite!
i've heard that a person can go insane from repeating themselves.  i think i am heading in that direction. i've heard that a person can go insane from repeating themselves.  i think i am heading in that direction. i've heard that a person can go insane from repeating themselves.  i think i am heading in that direction.  gah!!
Im having a crappy spring break. I&nbsp;want to go somewhere, then i was like...wait a second... I have no friends ....heh, i always forget that part. Im still going to bryces party...i guess. im kinda scared that everyone there hates the living fuck out of me, and im just going to be my anti-social self and die in the corner, but thats fine no one cares if i die anyway.
I really fucked with you Americans' heads, didn't I? Sportsline.com's 4 experts ALL picked the Redskins to beat the Giants by 14 points! Hahahaha! You are going to LOSE this war if I can fuck with your heads like that!   SHIT! There's a bee in my cave! Get it away get it away! I HATE BEES! Mommy!!!!!!!!
...a muvie callled SAW!  Why do peopel watch such carey muvies?  prolly talk in my lj bout it k, whats that word discuss? yeahnlonh I tink so...  I may never seep agin!
So, i just found out yesterday that i have 2 get surgery on both feet!!!!! I'm so scared the doctor explained what was going to happen, and im freaked out!! only my legs are going to be numb, not the rest of my body, and they are going to shave some of the bone of my toes!!Ahhhhh, im so scared, i fell lke crying, its in June!!! Has ne one else ever had a scarey surgery!!!
Tomorrow is going to be hectic.  Wish me luck, because quite frankly, that's all I have to go on right now.
Things are alright. Got Haddad's cd today and it's so good. thanks darlin'. I didnt call u at 3:30 because i backed into someones car today. i have no idea whats gonna happen. i dont need this had to deal with that. watching the inferno tonite. then off next to day's. hanging with tim tommorrow i think. im pretty excited about it. ya that's all.
Tomorrow I have a ultra sound done on my liver and april 5th I have a scope put down my throut and also a liver biopsey so all I can  ask is for everyones prayers so that the tests come out ok I would really appricate it ... Well I got to go Peace out everyon!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[ Error:  Irreparable invalid markup ('&lt;_&lt;&gt;') in entry.  Owner must fix manually.  Raw contents below.]   boohooo someone shoot me....but I want drama in my life &lt;_&lt; Im bored and lonely &gt;_&lt;
Ahhhh! OH MY GOD!!! Have you heard on the news about that 15 or 16 year old girl who was missing. They just found her body in the backyard of a house near my house. The news is saying James Sanders killed her!!! What the fucking hell!!!!
My heart aches for Chris, I can feel her pain. I want to take it all away from her, I hate seeing her suffer this way. I hate that HE  drove her to smoking!. MEN SUCK Rita
I saw this woman on television today. She's a socialite from New York. She claims she's only had one "procedure".   Yeah.   I think it's time to stop.  Seriously.
omfg toka 4to vspomnil chto mne v marte nado budet IELTS sdavat :) koro4e esli na 7 i viwe sdam, to ahuitelno, priedy, ne pridetsya english uchit tam, a esli nizhe 7 to mne pizda =[ shas vovsyu englishom zanimayus :)
We are so bloody SCREWED!!!!    The situation has now turned from bad to diabolical!!!!!!  JAmes!!!!  How can you do this to us?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!   We are so screwed!!!!
i'm scared.  my side has been hurting for about three weeks, and now there is something growing there.  my mom told me to go to the nurse, and i did, and she said that i should get it checked out by the doctor.
Oh my gosh. My bug bites hurt so much. I am so afraid of whatever gave them to me. They are purple and raised and itchy and scary.  One of my suitemates just told me we have something called Brown Recluse Spiders here. They bite you and the bite gets so bad that they must SURGICALLY remove your skin. Oh my gosh. I am so scared.
I'm in memoland!  2600 words of sweat due in 10.5 hours.  I have 1400 words left to write.  This isn't a good thing.  In better news...   http://disney.go.com/disneypictures/pac ifier/   I'm *so* there!
This can't be a good thing.  I E-filed my taxes and now they are in "error" status.  I did them online with H&R Block so its not a stupid error like math or putting the wrong thing on the wrong line.  The thought of being audited is daunting.  Ironically, just last week I got 100% on the test I had to take to be a volunteer tax preparer for VITA.
Delia makes it up stairs, wonder of wonders.   The room is spinning , she staggers to her bed.   Lays down, kicks off her shoes, buries herself into her covers.  Beigns to pray, just like a little girl.   Please, Mother Goddess, please don't let me dream. Please, Mother Goddess, please don't let me dream...  please.
I'm sorry I haven't been here much, the move is consuming me...  But we're finally moving this Saturday...  Angel dear, I'll reply to your email asap, I just haven't had time, & I don't now...  Gotta get to bed & get sleep for tomorrow...  I promise as soon as this is all over I'll be back here much more often.  I love you all.  ...  And I am so bloody scared right now.
I am so fucking glad that I am the last one to know about what is going on with my relationships.fucking beautiful. I have an idea. why dont you tell me what you want so that I can oblige to what you want again like always cause obviously I dont get what I want. when all I ever wanted was you. you dont want to hurt me or yourself in the end so its not worth it?..... well too fucking late.
Pop on look around and friends are testing their nerdness it's scary.....          Still I didn't do that badly *whimpers softly* did I?
yea 2morrow STAY OFF the roads  from 9-1:30 GAY mr.webb is making us  take 2 drives in a row. it will be my frist time driving...im worried.  today me elora and skye a went to the GEttO UV mall and we didnt shot, raped, or killed! "YES!" but i had fun even thought there was  nothing to do there.   sleep time...much love
my grandma just had a heartattack...  and my grandpas in the hospital....its not looking good   i need every1 to pray....
..you don't even realize the way you make me melt on the inside.    it hurts me that you are so blind..
i though Billy Bob Thornton made up that voice for his character in Slingblade.  i was wrong.    we frequently see patients from various "facilities" in our clinic and i got WAY creeped out because one of them had that voice.  not had a voice like that, actually had that voice.  be afraid.  be vewy afwaid.
god people annoy me sometimes.  i wonder how angry you would be....  i'm making you hate me.   are you going to hate me after this?
I've been twice in the past two days. I bought 2 Ball State shirts. Or maybe they were free.... Who knows, three were purchased, 4 were free. Good deal, huh?  I took a final today, dunno how well I did. I don't care really. I'll get a decent grade.
so today, affter workin NOT EVEN AN HOUR of the whole FOUR shifts ihave at the pool. joe closed....sure it was raining
God can read your mind, and always knows what you mean-- if,  that is,  you  know what you mean. Do you? This is a perfect time to figure out exactly what it is you really want in an intimate relationship.
As if I don't have enough on my plate, I know have a stalker.  Like a real live stalker.  And it's completely freaking me out.  Like, I am actually completely freaked out and scared.  Does anyone have any suggestions on how to get rid of him????
I feel so overwhelmingly sad right now....and POWERLESS!  Perhaps sad isn't the word.  I'm downright scared!  So many things are going on in the world right now, and I don't know how to fix it!!!! There are people getting killed just because they're pumping gas! And all we can do is sit there and wait for the next victim.  I'm praying that God will put a stop to all of it.
I'm so damn nervous. Everybody around me has been getting "wink" letters from colleges which pretty much assure that they'll get in. And what have I gotten?    jack-diddly.      12 days until April 1st, when I hear back from every college that I applied to...  :/
I think I'm in over my head.  I've been trying to get closer to Miss Faust, to see exactly what it is that she's been hiding, right?  Well...I've seen some of the special boxes from her distributor.  I looked up "Golgotha shipping" for one.  Nothing.  Doesn't exist.  Then I looked up Golgotha.  Did a google.   Golgotha was where they crucified Jesus.   I'm suddenly VERY freaked out.
...wha...?   *looks around, groggy*   Oh, crap...   *wrenches at the ropes holding his ankles and wrists together*  *looks up desperately at the wooden slats above his head*   I am SO screwed...
Polyp: -A coelenterate, such as a hydra or coral, having a cylindrical body and an oral opening usually surrounded by tentacles. (this one does not apply to me) -A usually nonmalignant growth or tumor protruding from the mucous lining of an organ such as the nose, bladder, or intestine, often causing obstruction.   eek! thats scary! i'm going to die! =(   "die young and safe yourself" - brand new
A girl died in 1933 by a homicide murderer. He buried her in the ground when she was still alive. The murdered chanted, "Toma sota balcu" as he buried her. Now that you have read the chant, you will meet this little girl. In the middle of the night she will be on your ceiling. She will suffocate you like she was suffocated. If you post this, she will not bother you. Your kindness will be rewared
I'm terrified of being alone, but I'm too paranoid to let myself get too close to others as well.  ~Levin
I was just attacked by a mosquito the size of a baby!  And I wasn't able to kill it...I don't know where it is! It's still loose in my room!
Dad just called me.  He found out that Anthony and I had sex.  He's super pissed.  This is not going to be a fun evening.
damn..the date of my 5 days course has been changed again to the last week of March..damn..I am so tired of these...changing my plans to accomodate them...*sighs deeply* but maybe it's for the best for the moment..for there's something I have to do for someone...the sooner it is done the better..
Not just crow's feet any more.  Frown lines.  A few spots on my hands.  And I'm sagging, even with a bra on.  Dr. Kraft can't help me.  But I need someone to.  I can't live like this.  I'm supposed to start shooting my new series next month.  I have more charity appearances scheduled between now and Christmas.  I need help.  And I'm afraid there's only one place I know to call now....
I looked in the mirror, and I saw ...  her  looking back at me.  The older Rebecca.  The thirty-mumble-year-old Rebecca.  The Rebecca nobody wants.  Especially me.  I've got to call Dr. Kraft--he's got to see me again.  Soon.  Today.   No, no, no, I've worked so hard--I can't let this happen--
Mother fuck!  What the fuck is this shit?  I never approved this! What the hell is going on here?  I hope she doesn't think I'll stand for this.   I'm going to go back and hide again...
omg my phone just died n im at my sisters house alone... n i thought that i herd someone upstairs and im supost to be here alone n scence she doesnt have a land line they use only their cells n im about to crap my pants becuase im scared
SHREK IS ON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am so very scared of that movie. im terrified. i was tickle tortured while that movie was on and now i cant watch it. i am so scared, im shaking. can somebody come to save me i think he is coming after me........... PLEASE
http://www.greatmodeldeals.com/prod ucts/tamiya_bmw_mini.htm   bbut i was in the front seat of that mini yestday  with my sis and my freind ppaul and he got it up to 190km on a old drag racing strip. i was totally shitting myself the whole way. i was alittle bit comforted by the fact that it has like 6 airbags cause it is actually a rally car so it needs them. but yes i htink i cheated death.
Ok, I have a question. How do you enter pictures? I can't figure it out! Thanks! BYE!      \\\\\$amn///// Word of the Day: ABC, 1. alphabet. 2. fundamentals
They're telling me if i face my fear and ignore it, it will go away and leave me alone. But its like everytime i do try to ignore it and try to be brave it finds some way to get my attention. It wants something from me and i don't know what it is and its scaring me because it gets worse day after day. i just want it to go away!
Well....Brian asked me to marry him tonight.   And I said yes! I love him and love is all you need.  But afterwards, when I thought he was still married to Leigh-Ann and he told me he wasn't, I kind of broke down. I don't know what overcame me. Then...he just leaves. I hope that he will come home and I hope that my insecurities didn't scare him away.  Please...baby, come home...  ...Shane...
[Private]It's gone... Damn damn damn...[/private]  The first few days have been quite boring almost. No death threats, and being nice to Bella, which I find to be actually kind of nice...  I should send mum an owl though.
i have a strange feeling.   i miss old friends. its not like i will get up the nerve to act on rekindling many of these friendships. they have moved on with bigger things or in most cases, not so bigger things and are not the same anymore.  i wish i didn't rely on myself for everything. yeah, it can be easier, but it is even harder when i feel away.  after big meals naps are needed.
OMGACKT!  I can actually see the floor in my closet! I had forgotten it existed! :O  This song is like an infectious happy disease. XD
http://www.somethingawful.com/artic les.php?a=2140  reading this article now and hoping to everything good and not icky in the world that this is a joke site.  Especially the second picture with the post by Galvatron2005.   Shiiiiit
I almost lost Scarlett this morning. One of the kitchen chairs had fallen on her neck and she couldn't breathe... I have no idea how long she'd been like that, but she couldn't walk for a while after I removed it... I was so scared she'd suffered brain damage, but luckily she's back to normal now. I don't know what I would have done if she'd died... *is still shaking*
Hi!!  Happy Halloween! Now, what better then to make halloween even better by posting an Anti-Anzu ficcy! I only finished ch. 1,  but I'll post it any way. It might be really bad because it is only an opening chapter.  Summary: Anzu finally finds 2 people who like her, then, she goes and does something stupid! (Sooooo Anzu) Rating- G Disclaimer- I don't own anything.        Hope you like!
Your Sexual Profile (you sexual deviant you...)  by sparkledee      Name           Your Secret Kink Thing    You like to play dead.       Your Sexual Strength    You are incredibly flexible..       Your Sexual Weakness    Screamers freak you out...       Your Likely STD    Chlamydia       How Many Partners in Crime?    2              Created with the ORIGINAL   MemeGen  !
Ok yea heres the thing.       My friend Jessica is pregnant and she wants me there when she has it.  Oh geez i dont kno what to do.  I am scared for her.  I honestly dont kno what to do.
I don't know what's going on! OMG I can't... wtf should I do? I don't know anymore...   I need to go think....  someone just leave a happy message or something, make me stop thinking...
this monday is the last day of class. woohoo. but then there's finals. no woohoo. this weekend i have two papers to write that are do on monday and i've barely started and i have more homework on top of that. i don't know why i wait until the last minute? do you know?
I'm having a bad "scared of death" moment again. I really hate these. And I really hate death. It fucking scares the living hell out of me. Its great that its eating at my brain. I'll watch tv to comfort me.
no matter how plain    no matter how intricate    no matter how realistic    no matter how abstract    no matter how colorful    no matter how strange    nothing is ever as good as the real thing      qotd: "have a good cry, wash out your heart. if you keep it inside it'll tear you apart. sometimes you lose, but you're gonna win if you just hang in there." -dr hook  XooX
okay well what do i say.  My grandpa was taken to the hospital tonight because he had chest pains, they think he had a heart attack and he has to stay there overnight.  well it's just what i needed to top off my hard week, i don't have anything else to say except i'm shocked and am tired and don't know what to think or how to digest it all.  I hate this week.
next friday morning i'm flying to Virginia with my mom & dad, we're going to "check it out" i guess? that's going to be weird to see a place where i could possibly be living for the rest of my life, rather than here. i just hope everything works out for the better. we'll see i suppose.
today was my birthday it was um...good and bad. i hung out with michael all day wich was good &lt;3. i like my presents.
I swear!  I was just talking to the guys about how great the game was the other night and... and....   MR. AKABANE!! I'M SORRY!  I DIDN'T MEAN TO OFFEND YOU!!  T^T   I can't feel my hand.  T^T  It went  right through .
my past is coming back to haunt me and it's really scary.  why did i have to be that way.....what the hell is wrong with me :(
To let him in or not to let him in....that is the question.  I knew I built up a wall within the past several months but I guess I didn't think I would have to work to break it down.  And now...I don't know that I want to break it down because so far it's done a great job of keeping me from getting hurt.
i dont like scary movies.. im aware of this, and typically avoid watching them at night. in fact, i dont watch them at all. ever.  but 'seven' isnt scary, right? its not a horror movie or anything.. and i already saw the first half once.. i wasnt paying attention (i was otherwise distracted), but i technically saw it.  and yet somehow, im too freaked out to fall asleep right now.
Can't fucking sleep...again!  This is starting to suck...but hopefully things are gonna get better...
What kind of disease  are  you?  Jelly:        Jelly is caused by sponges.              Jelly disease causes one to be beaten by a broom every alternate tuesday To cure Jelly, listen to every album by the Beatles, backwards.         Name?               Oh my God no! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! They're bad enough the right way round!
The people in my house keep talking about getting manicures. They're scaring me. I'm wondering if they really are my relatives.
Homework, Homework and Homework....  Welll almost done with Core!!....yay!  I'm really scared for showcase because I hat performing before the school...and it dosen't really help that Conrad hates me!!! and is breathing down my neck....
two more days. i cant focus on A TALE OF TWO CITIES when my dog is going to be put down in two days!!!
Ok so school starts on Monday and i am scared out of my witts. I don't want to end up like i did at Roosevelt. That would be very bad. I am so scared about it. Please yall don't let me get back into that bad groove. Tell me i am going to be ok.
all of a sudden, i feel so totally helpless.  just *poof* outta the blue.  and then, anger.  I AM SO FUCKING PISSED!  I HAVE NO CLUE WHY.  I JUST KNOW THAT I WANT TO BEAT THE SHIT OUTTA SOMEONE.  and then, sadness.  again.  what in the fuck is wrong with me?  can i just huddle up in a corner and die?  i feel so lost.
Going away for a few days with my parents. I need to take advantage of this month to do such things, because next month, I'm going to get *really* busy.  Next month is April, the deadline. The time when my manuscripts are returned to me, and I begin the next draft of the novel.  I'm terrified.
My blood still boils  So much to work on in two weeks  Don't know if I can really face it  Liz and I should find a job together and we could do it without spilling pipping hot gravy on ourselves
Highlight of Day: Actually started to study! Low Point of Day: That darn Internet... Such a time-waster (like right now).  I think there is something wrong with this restaurant across the street. I keep forgetting that we're not in Toronto, but the place just looks dirty, and the food... well, it's good, but I'm afraid it might not be the cleanest.  Oh well.  I am screwed (up).
How is it that I'm able to sit in front of a computer for  10  hours, and not do a single thing productive? I really need to have more self-control, or I'm gonna die next week.
Oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh......  another kid has died. I believe his name is Brady Walker. I'm really scared. I don't fell safe here anymore. First Mandy then Brady. I'm really scared. This is my first experience with death. Maybe I should go find some other life forms instead of staying here in my room scared like I am. I've got to go.  ~Orla
well i decided not to go to 4th today...my original plan was to leave n not go to 5th but hey i guess it worked out ok..me n like 23 other ppl went to McDonlads haha it was so awsome!...me,frank n jessica played in the tubes n stuff...frank seemed actually interested in girls haha..i slapped his ass a few times haha IS THAT SUCH A CRIME?lol.
okay i do like the thunder but the lightening scares me cause if one of these real tall buildings here in the city got struck then the whole city is fucked cause that shit spreads fast, oh no, now im even more scared...
I just got so fucking scared omg.  STUPID AIM AND YOUR STUPID ADS THAT RANDOMLY START PLAYING WITH SOUND FILES *SMITES*
I had multiple heart attacks today. I must say I don't thoroughly enjoy thunder and lightning. In fact I really hate it. I happened to be driving when it all began. Not a good thing. I mean I know the safest place is your car but not for me cause as long as I can't see it I don't worry about it. That's why I usually sleep in the bathtub during storms (really smart eh?)
I am sooooooo tired my day was so boring the only thing i did was go to chilis with       informatik_h8    and watch slums of beverly hills....well im scared and tired so im going to bed
ayh ..  both my veichal got keyed last night and it was just out side my window witch don't make me happy becuase i slept righgt though it i didn't her4e a thing witch makes me wonder what is going to happend when i am home alone .. well some walk right into my hosue when i am here bye my self .. i defintly wont be sleeping down stairs i tell u that much
&nbsp;Today I feel exposed. The the world to ever one around me.  I don't understand, and it started last night... I feel like a freitaned bunny rabit in a cage.  Like a girl running bare foot in the woods to get away for him, who ever he is or it is.
i hope to never watch a scary movie with byron or cesar.  they BOTH majorly suck!!     i cant get what they said out of my mind.  must sleeep with the light and heater on tonight...
Eeeepppp.......... saw The Ring 2 this evening after work! Its very scary, tho not as scary as the first, but freaky on a whole 'nother level, you think the faces of the dead people were&nbsp;fucked up&nbsp;on the first film, well thats nothing, and i only saw them for a second, had my eyes closed quite alot!
hi!   thanks for those who sent me birthday wishes! that is very sweet of you to think of me. and i will write more later but i have to write a final exam. yikes! wish me luck.   oh and for my birthday we're going to walk dogs at the SPCA yay!   you guys call it the RSPCA right? well same damn thing.   Karen :)
Ok, so here's what's been goin on since my last update!&nbsp; Last Sunday, I left w/ Albers, my sister, my mom, and Joe Bob (Alison), to go to disney world!&nbsp; Woot woot!&nbsp; that was so much fun!&nbsp; We went swimming everyday and went to Blizzard Beach, I had a blast!&nbsp; We have to do it again!
Man RE 4 is disturbing =(  I bought it tonight and I only played it for an hour, dammit, I am NOT playing that game during the evening XD;;.  I ran out of ammo for both the shotgun and the handgun and my friend tells me that's bad so I think I'm gonna die like 5234098732409874320932470432987432 times before I finish it =(
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek I'm getting my haircut tomorrow. and I'm really really scared.     Most likely I won't turn into the model...  BUT...  PLEASSSSSSSSSE HOPE MY HAIR COMES OUT GOOD!
Too horrible to no pass on.  Large bandwith, quicktime required:   http://media.hugi.is/hahradi/fyndnar/po odlefitness.mov
Some things are too scary to even write down - Thoughts may come to life if they are put into words. I'm superstitious that way...Things are very black and scary right now and I will not elaborate. However, I have faith that things will improve soon.
I've just recieved word, that I may no longer be on the LJ anymore. They say I have 30 days to "undelete". I'm very confused. Can someone please fill me in here?
Okay, my LJ is called WANI because those are the initials of my mockography I'm writing, and my LJ acts as notes for it.  I had no idea Wani is a word for porn in Japanese. I only just found out when I tried to use the page title function to find my LJ on Safari, which doesn't apparently have that function. Instead, I got redirected to  wani.com .  Heh, yeah...
do any of you think that this person looks like me, well yeah i do. its weird i never think that people look like me, but this guy really does
My fingers are shaking --- not sure why. I hate this feeling. This bubbling blood like feeling. Its got my organs in knots. I can feel my skin shrink.
Going to bed because I just can't take CNN anymore.  I hope that when I awake, John Kerry will be the next President of the United States.  Right now though, it isn't looking good.
Why does it feel like i can't breathe? And like I can't open my mouth for fear the tears will consume the words. Why can i not be alone and be ok. For the love of all that is holy and good in this world, this has to stop, because if it goes for one more day, maybe even one more hour i don't know what i will do.
I had a very bizarre dream about Santa last night. In fact, it was quite frightening!  My mom is so happy I'm making Christmas dinner. It's the least I could do really. I plan to have an extravagant feast.    Note to self: must go food shopping soon!
i hate schoool!! my spanish teacher is calling my parents cuz i have a D in spanish so far :x 6 minutes til school ends....
My hands are dying.  They can barely type.  Just spreading the word, so journal entries might be short from now until doctor time.
The worst fear Ive ever faced in my entire life and its almost a year away..  This is quite discontenting
4 nights in a row i dream that i die in some weird way... last night i dreamt my boss killed me with a knife at work for makin a sandwich wrong.. 2 nights ago i dreamt this kid justin threw mee into a wall after dancing with him.. who knows wat the fukk is goin on?? cuz i sure would like to kno
I think I've just gotten myself into a tricky situation. But then that makes two of us. Rhyce and I. And now? Now I'm stressing over the repercussions that could crop up. The one thing I've wanted most, is probably the one thing I - we can do without right now. And yes, I'm being cryptic on purpose. I can't deal with this right now.
Pish Posh, school started today, and i am not excited. I have a spare at the most pointless time!! So i am going to switch it to writers craft because i rather be in a class then, sitting around with knowone, i'll see how long that idea lasts, I am only a loser  sometimes.....
so ya... my schedule in the fall.  *monday*wednesday*friday*  -no classes-  *tuesday*thursday*  -Principles of Mgmt 8:00-9:20- -Sci Method of Psych 9:30-10:50- -Bus Prof Comm 12:00-1:20- -Theo Moral Response 1:30-2:50- -Compensation Mgmt 3:00-4:20- -Legal Environment of Bus II 6:00-7:20-  *total credits = 18.  i'm kind of scared. :/
My sister lives in the manhatten area of New York City...I can't get through to her on the phone...her phones won't ring at all... I'm worried...
I can't believe it's Friday already, before you know it, it will be Sunday, then back to the same old thing for Monday. It's unbearably hot, I was sicker this morning but this girl at work gave me some medacine and I'm better. I'm not as excited about Friday as I was earlier this week. ALOT of things to get done this weekend. Oh shit, I just a letter, I think, I know I'm fucked,got to go!!
ok i only have a few seconds to talk. 16 more days until my grounding is over! just wanted to let you know that i was alive. talk to you all soon love ya.
Current mood :   prissy  We have a new moderator in darksideofebay. This guy scares me he's erased 2 of my memorable posts so I joined the rest in bowing &amp; kissing his ass so just maybe he'll like me  FORGIVE ME GUYS MY VERY SURVIVAL DEPENDED ON IT
If God was supposedly able to part the red sea for Moses,... I can finish ALL of&nbsp; this ... right? :/
It's a sign that spring is here when the Six Flags commmercials with the frightening, scary, dancing, old bald guy are back on the TV.
I heard somewhere the easy part of living is dying.&nbsp; I not sure that I believe that.&nbsp; Not ever experiencing dying ....I can't say for sure.&nbsp; I have been faced with love ones dying the last year or so.&nbsp; It is so hard to watch and hear. Maybe, it is easy for the one dying, but not for the ones of us left living.
today i have definetly decided that mirowaves are the way to go i was burning the house it started in the counter i am never geting near that stove again. My arm is burned with multiple bubbles i was all by myself and so incredibly scared why am so stupid ??/
i was afraid to let her go today. couldn't take anything; came home and slept. woke up again, and am too close to the surface. why, why am i afraid?
Tell me...Brittney Murphy...she's like...really coked up. All the goddamn time. Right? Right?   Because she's like...NOT. NORMAL.
I can't figure out which part of me is more traumatized.  My ears, my eyes, or my brain.  Ears - for the insanely difficult-to-listen-to cover Eyes - for having to see skanky man-ass Brain - feeling really bad for all those kitchen appliances  You HAVE to see  this .
I'm going to be late but i'm going to chine town to buy anime friday so if want to come call me. And if can't sorry for you. nice day study now bye bye with all my love PS: I'm not going crazy because i'm saying i love you guys
Guidelines for Preparing a Thesis or Dissertation      I'm going to need that link in a bit. Also, I really, really, really, really need to relax. Really.
senior year has ruined my life. and yes, i probably do speak in hyperboles...but this is bad...this is just bad...
Walking home from the library with about 5 more of them in my backpack, I finally admitted it to myself:  Yup, I'm hooked on Manga.  Fear for my sanity, fear for my pocketbook.  After all, the library's supply won't last forever, especially at my current pace.
Blood work.  Why?  Because there's something wrong with my liver, apparently.  Needless to say, I'm terrified. I know, I KNOW, don't worry, unless there's something to worry about, but I can't help BUT be afraid...  I mean... blah. I went and looked up what can cause overproduction of liver enzymes.   I shouldn't have done that. ._.  Oh well... luck be with me or something...
Another earthquake off the coast of Sumatra, almost in the exact same spot as the one that caused the big tsunami...  THIS one was an 8.2... almost as bad...  Tsunami warnings are in effect; Thailand has already begun evacuations of the coastline...
Tonight someone was shot and killed outside the back of my apt. complex. Geeze, Im sure glad everyone of my roomates, friends and bf is gone. I feel safe.  At least Joli's here to protect me. I WANT MY BOYFRIEND!!!
I just recently came beck from the Fresno City Collage renaissance faire. For the past several years it has always astounded me. I know each of the acts fairly well. Alyssa and I went both saturday and sunday. I would go into more detail right now but I am in school and I am worried my teacher will get on my ass about it. Fare thee well.
Found a lump under my right armpit.  Hoping it's nothing and going to the doctor at 11.  Pray for me if you read this....thanks.
im grounded from live journal for 1 month because, im going to hell  for a further explaination: 567-0623
In this world full of winded corridors cities like maces, towers like thorns I'm not my master, not at all cursed thoughts lead me to my fall Broken thoughts broken dreams broken hearts this realm of darkness,  is this my reward? Darkness is falling, over my mind my burning eyes are, deadly blind now there is nothing like it seems all illusion, only dreams
youareoutofsite     1.) Copy and paste this into your journal: &lt;*font color="yourusername"&gt; &lt;*b&gt;yourusername&lt;*/b&gt; &lt;*/font&gt; 2.) Eliminate the asterisks. 3.) Replace "yourusername" with your user name. 4.) See what color you are.
http://www.subserviantchicken.com/    this chicken scares me. another friend told me about it.  I asked him to do the Hustle... and he just ran around.  *pshaw*
I passed a bus.  A BUS.  WAY TO FREAKING GO, SARAH.  Nick said when he did this, the cops came within the first three hours after he'd done it.  I passed it at 3:40.   Come on Doug, please, please, please don't report.  I promise I'll never do it again.  PROMISE.  I CANT LOSE MY LICENSE.                 Well, fuck.
In less than 12 hours I am going to get a hair cut.  I almost wish I had someone's hand to hold.  Almost.
If anyone else mis-quotes Nostradamus, I'm going to have to shout at them. The guy died in 1566, ffs, he couldn't have written passages in the 1600s.  I want to go to New York, help people, and walk around the same places I saw earlier in the year. I still can't believe what's happened, a day on.
things that are underrated:  pencils funnels the soundtrack of my life survey teachers sanitation engineers religion reading na'im eating utensils hands adam's apples  that is all. over and out, from the northwest capital of hoes & skanks, ali matsumoto
I'm getting to a point now, that I'm finding myself scared. And I don't like it.    Bleh, I have to go. I'll type tomorrow.
just finished eating chicken burger and friiess ! definately gained 2145456425 pounds ! hahaha  oh my gawddd .. ring 2 toniiighttt .. im REALLYY scaredd *  im going to krista's house sooon .. :))   anyways im gonna go get dresseddd // do my haiiirrr // do my make - up *  &lt;33 .
I can't believe this guy's message on my joke arab2love account. ( http://www.arab2love.com/new/search/Kiss Detail.php?toid=43233 ) &nbsp;This is the worst one EVER. I haven't read the entire thing, I don't plan to, it scares me...a lot.
Eek, I just saw a bunch of Silent Hill 4 yaoi on 4chan. Hot and bloody Walter on Henry action!.  I can't sleep tonight. X_x
APs suck!  Just pray for me and AP US tomorow... after that ill be fine and up to my usual level of meaningless insight
OMG the undead have arisen!!! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!!!!     2 eProps to jen for helping me out with putting the image up.
No. Really - I'm pretty sure I'm going to die (academically) this time.   So hungry...I should probably eat. I can't think straight.   I don't want to graduate. I'm scared.   There's still so much to do.  Before tomorrow.  I'm scared.  bye.
Ex-roomie has confirmed he's coming to town on the 31st of March.  *dies*  Why is this making me so freaking nervous? SHUT UP! I don't want to know what you think!! I know what you are going to say...  *freaks out*
I got my hair cut today... I don't think I like it very much =/  Has anyone ever noticed how funny the scared mood thing looks? haha =X
there are a lot of people at my house right now. someone please kidnap me.   speaking of being kidnapped i would really like someone to kidnap me the first weekend in march, i have some organized activities we could do.     who will go on a picnic with me. in a park or on a roof. i've got poptarts.
i had a really scary dream about snakes eating my white kitty.   i don't have a white kitty.       And everything is lonely  I can be my own best friend.      i just want to be cared about like that again.     (don't bother going through your motions, nothing that makes sense ever works out)
Well patriots just won...again...I was really rooting for the Eagles to win..I like to see it when the underdog wins...Stupid Louie..your team always wins... Man I Love superbowl commercials. Everyone's been sick lately...i hope I'm not next....
I've been blessed with the gift to make an absolute fool of myself in any given situation. XD;;;;;   That aside...  Thunder is scary. T_T
Trouble.  My mun has decided that her OTP is Melkor/Nienna all of a sudden.  ... someone want to  comfort shag  hide me? I don't think I like him ...
I am a fucking idiot.  I am an absolute fucking idiot.  I am a pathetic, worthless, fucking idiot.  It always comes back to this.  No matter how good I think I'm doing, it always ends like this.
C is scaring me.  She just said "I'm totally going to bite your nipples off!"  She better elliptisize today or I can kiss my nips goodbye.  Well, I could if my moobs were bigger.
Quote of the day:  "Enzymes make me giggle." --Emily ************  Okay...is it just me or did LJ do one hell of a makeover?  I'm sore confused.    *creepy voice* We fear change...  *shakes in the corner*  It's prettyful.
Okay, now I'm nervous... anyone who knows me, and reads this article will know why... Disbaled vet being called back to active duty
While in Florida over intercession, my grandmother made BBQ pulled pork. It was very tasty, so I asked how she made it. Late last week she sent me the recipe, and included the tag for the cut of meat she got:   PORK BUTT ROAST BONE-IN   Why. Why the wrongness?  And why can't the wrongness go away?
I so totally wasn't going to be upset tonight...I was fine! At least until these people (a girl and a guy) decided to be really loud on my floor and bang my door and then runaway. I don't know why, but after that I almost started to cry. People just really scare me sometimes...especially when they're drunk.
My dog has this huge ass bone she is munching.  It must be from a cow or something.  She just sits over there going *grate* *grind* *snap*  It is the most destrubing sound I have ever heard.  Keep expecting to wake up and have her eating my foot or something.  Gah.
Just finished watching  The Grudge . And I felt a bit weird walking to the laundromat, which I get to by walking across this huge parking-lot. Lots of women walking around, for some reason, and I caught myself avoiding looking at their faces in case one of them would have been japanese.. hehe  So now I have to download the sequel! :)
Cold. hungry. have to pee. and I'm not leaving Hahkota's bed until I am warm.  is this NORMAL here?! scariest time in my life, ever.   and the KITCHEN!?!?!??!?!  Edit: Mr. Marko? I'm going to need your help on these repairs...
So went for normal checkup on the old elbow to hear they have a opening for me to get my surgery tomorrow, instead of 2 and a half months from now. So a little startled from that. Hope all goes well, reminds me of a "Saved By The Bell" episode where Zack gets surgery. What a great show. Well any-who wish me luck!!!
Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    J-Pop               Quiz created with MemeGen  !        Tamanegi Ichi Icy or whatever. Asumemasen or was it Asumenasi? Help!!!
I dare you to watch this from beginning to end. Nothing gross or troubling. It's just... disturbing.......   http://www.softcitizen.com/director-mov ie.php?director=Jaron%20Albertin&movie=5   Lucien
ok so tired so here it si in format:  hours of sleep over 3 days:7  overview: overtired cried twice, bleh bleh didn't place talent show. got a superior in sr with all girls and ex. with per.3. got straight excellence's across the board   i'm getting kicked off so i'll esplain later 'Lucy!
Laura - darling *hugs*  My friend Sara wants us to call our child Bob. I tried to explain that we're alreading naming it Lily, but she was having none of it. So I said we'd name our next child Bob instead. You don't mind do you? I'd have said no, but she can be really scarey sometimes... *retreats to hide in a dark corner* I'm scared...
They will be using "contactless smartcards" instead. Let's hear it for government doublespeak.   http://www.wired.com/news/privacy/0,184 8,67025,00.html?tw=wn_tophead_2   BTW, according to the article these "contactless smartcards" share all the same vulnerabilities as 'normal' RFID devices.  Read and be scared.
*Manifests at the House of Feanor with Aredhel and Celegorm*   Uhhh, Feanor? I've come to sort out Finduilas, not that it was my fault in the first place, no no no no...   *fidgets nervously*
Tonight, a little after 7:00. My Grandmother left this life...leaveing behind my family to seek the next great adventure. I pray to see her in heaven standing beside Christ. If I do not, God have mercy on me.
so the homsickness got to me..so i finally go tthe courage to come home..so far its good and it feels great to be home..my dad isnt home yet and that is the only thing im scared of currently..ahh wish me luck
i'm so scared right now...  'we turned to look and burned our eyes, coats of white all turned to red.' vanessa carlton, half a week before the winter.
Has anyone seen that movie?.."The Grudge" Cuz i damn near shit my pantalones, but then again i'm a wussy when it come to scary movies...i just can't help it..i'm one of those that cover there entire face instead of just my eyes...i'm a big baby. haha ..Much Love...
shhhh.  i'm hiding.  my mommy was doing something in the cold/wet room that was really loud and scary.  she was holding something that made hot air!  i was curious, but not stupid.  then my daddy thought i'd like to see it upclose!  i was so scared that i ran away!  i think i might have hurt him in the process, but i'm too scared to look.  i hope they don't leave me by the bridge!  hrm hrm.
Well I got my answer, from her B/F so yeah, here is what he wrote me;"We got together around May was the first time." so yeah One could imagine my pain, I still want to talk to her about it though and make sure. *sigh* the world I once knew has come to an end, Curse my wretched mind and bodily actions. What is left, for there is only suffering.
I don't even know what to say...   Click  here  for the details.  P.S. Jessi and I celebrate our 7 month anniversary is this Friday...
Blackbird singing in the dead of night Take these broken wings and learn to fly All your life You were only waiting for this moment to arise.  Blackbird singing in the dead of night Take these sunken eyes and learn to see All your life You were only waiting for this moment to be free.  Blackbird fly Blackbird fly Into the light of the dark black night.
so i can give birth any day now! wow!  that is some scary shit, oh the pain.  I am so excited though and I can't wait. Yeah but its really hard to believe that it is so close.
Would buying new RAM and having it installed invalidate the warranty on this machine? Because I could be kind of screwed, if so.
We have a tornado warning in my area. For the next hour! In southern california?! If the worst happens I can run for it. But what about my father? Please keep me and my family in your thoughts.
man totally freaked out...&nbsp; um yea this GUY that i used to like well lauren (match maker) decided to hook me up.. and well now ver yvery veyr veyv ey rv ervye freaked out!&nbsp; mmmmhmmmmhhhmmmm well scared
Dear Journal,   I really don't feel like going to work today. i was sick and tired of hearing the boss scold me. How? I promise my colleagues i would go.. Haiz...
I NEED REFERENCE LETTERS FROM OFFICIAL PEOPLE   IF YOU ARE A OFFICIAL PERSON PLEASE WRITE ME A REFERENCE LETTER OR I'LL CRY
omg it really is tyler on lj he posted a pic of himself check his journal hes so cute i dont know what 2 do i miss him so much n still love him but tyler can i trust u i need 2 wait till im married i made a promis 2 god!! will u hurt me again like u did
HELL WEEK NEXT WEEK.... ahh  can't wait...NOT, holy shit it's going to be hard! you think running since november, i'm in shape..ya right! well wish me luck so i won't DIE... lata
Friends we were I got a picture out of the blurr For the first time in quite a while I started to smile  Friends we'll be You'll always have somewhere to run, straight to me I'll be here if you are ever hurt And to support you through all your concerts  A friend you'll always have in me And as soon as you see That I am here 'till the end In me you'll also find your best friend
1. Think of a word you would use to describe me. 2. Go to Google Image Search and search for that word. 3. Choose the most fitting pic and post the PICTURE url as a reply. (right click on picture, go to properties and you will see it) 4. Post this in your journal.  Scared to see what some ppl will come up with..  Amber
ohhhh i visited maddox school today in valrico/seffner and that place is creepy.  it's a school from the 1960s that was shut down and boarded up about 10-15 years ago.  no one owns it and it just kinda sits there...if anyone has a scanner, scan the pictures that i took and i'm gonna make that school it's own website.   alone with my nightmares -i love you
I had the scariest dream EVER. Here it is:  I had a dream that my little 13-year old sister was a lesbian and she was in love with her friends and ME.  Excuse me while I go somewhere to give myself amnesia.  (No offense to anyone out there. It's just it was scary for me... No offense please. None is meant.)
I HAVE NO FRIENDS!I HAVE PEOPLE WHO SAY THERE MY FRIENDS BUT FRIENDS DONT HURT OTHER FRIENDS, SO THATS IT! I'M SICK OF THEM PRETNDING TO LIKE ME, IF THEY HATE ME THEY WHY WONT THEY JUST SAY ITTO MY FACE INSTEAD OF PLAYING AROUND OUT WITH? SOMEONE ANSWER ME THAT! WHY DO YOU NOT LIKE ME? WHY ARE U PRETNEDING TO B MY FRIEND???? WHY?!?!?  -Kim
Spiders bring out the worst in me. Those little boogers! Another one crawled on me and I had to kill it and then disinfect myself. =( I hate spiders.   Life would be a whole lot better without spiders. And don't give me that Charlotte Web crap... I'd much rather have other bugs than crawling, creepy, black spiders that come to suck my blood!  ew ew ew.  I abhor them.
My dad is having surgery right now. Things like this scare me. Its never fun when a parent or any family member is in the hospital. I just want this to be all over, but it never will be for him. He'll have to deal with this stuff for the rest of his life. Stupid heart disease... grr
The proposed amendment to ban gay marriage passed the Senate State Affairs Committee Friday, but it has a long way to go to become part of the Idaho Constitution.
SO! today was full of adventure. some welcome, some not. i was almost hit in my car 4, count them, 4 times. 2 people ran stop signs, one guy cut a corner 2 tight when i was stopped at a stop sign, and i got run off of I.5 by an 18wheeler. it was a heart skipping, dry mouthed, stressful sorta day.
i am scared to take the phone because i am worried that it may be my college... lol. yes, i didnt go to a class at all. it's not required but i payed for it so... i really doubt they will cancel my admission but... still. i bet this fear won't go away until i actually get in... lol. yes, i am stupid, i shoulda gone then i wouldnt had to worry. BLAH~~~
i've just been so down and depressed. i dont know what to do. theres no point of this udate. i just need to vent and admit that i'm scared to know whats going to happen to dan.
...take my brain out of my head and give it a good talking to. I'm sick of how I think about everything...the slightest little move and I think something horrible is going to happen. I'm trying  soooooo  hard to be optimistic about everything but it's becoming increasingly hard for me. Why does this always happen...I really, really don't want to get hurt. I seriously can't handle that.
I was reading the annonymous posts in       vannadear   &nbsp; 's journal this morning. It just made me think&nbsp;of&nbsp;how incredibly nosey some people are. Why is that? It's horrible. You might call me nosey for reading them in the first place, but&nbsp;she's my friend, so, naturally, I&nbsp;guess i'm allowed to read them. It just made me think.
how bad is this...me of all people, ive been excited about going to oswego ever since matt started there two yrs ago and now that i have to leave in 2 weeks and have to start packing like NOW...i dont wanna go and im scared fucking shitless about leaving home, my kitties, my mommy, and a few certain ppl, and im getting awful panicy about it
Professor, I need your help with something.   I've been looking through ALL the books I own and what's in the library and everything and I borrowed some books from other students but I really need your help with one thing in particular.    Thank you, Sir.
According to the  Which Sanrio Character Are You?  quiz, I am:      Oh cute!  - - - - -  There's a big, dead lizard in the kitchen and I screamed like hell this morning when I was about to step into the kitchen. I stayed away from the kitchen until the dead lizard is cleared up by my aunt. Cockroaches and lizards and bugs and yucky and slimy stuff like this sucks!!
hey um.. pray  tomorrow afternoon  because someone very very very important to me is getting a kidney transplant and..  i'm really scared   :-(
spencer made me watch starship troopers so i made him watch idenity heh... grrr now i cant sleep   more later
I have been hearing the noises ALL DAY.    I am convinced that there are bugs in this place.    Gulp. Help.  Before it is too late.
Quote of the day  " You date someone for a year and you think you know them, and then you find out they like Godsmack."  Work is so great
First off, I would like to ask everyone to have my brother in their minds tomorrow as he goes in for his MRI and MRA.   And another scary note, have you heard about the Minnesota school shooting today? 10 dead. That is really.... sad and scary.   I want you to know that I love you, and you mean a lot to me.
gggggg Grounded.  Blah. This Bites.  I find out how long tonight, Dinner should be a Blast...Not.   Dad gets home in Approx. 1 and 1/2 hours. Scary.   :-X                  ps. I did get a really really big bed over the weekend.
LOL I't an angel!!!  hahahaha Life is all good now...  I got fanfics and songs what else do I kneed???   AHHHHHH  LOP's after mee again...... helpppppp  (this little login was brought to you by dreamberry'sscrewwed p head)  Help the have guns!!!!
Hey everyone i thought you would like to know when i got home tonight there was an envolope on the table with my name on it so i opened it and it was the paternity test. I am the father. just thought you would like to know so if i act a little weird thats probly why. Here is a picture of her a couple hours after she was born and a picture of me and her together.
I just watched audition(odishon) and i think i will now have the perenial fear of dating now fearing im gonna get my foot cut off by a psycho gf.....
im soooo scared. im going to tell you how it basically. i know you osnt feel the same and this is so dumb of me to tell you but im falling soo head over heals in love with you. or relationship has progessed in un describle ways in such a small amount of time. this is what i have wanted for so long. i trust you with myself. please dont hurt me love, jason
ok, so get this  friday night, i was coming in from the porch and i stepped on a catterpillar (not on purpose) and guts were everywhere (i had sneakers on) and i even heard it and felt it crunch  saturday, its not there anymore and i see one JUST like it crawling around where i stepped on it  its alive guys, and it wants revenge....
Zidane says, "naturally, since you don't know what the future holds either way and you risk losing out on what might be the One Right Thing For You.   and one answer hurts someone you care about, and the other hurts you. "  I bolded what he said that made me think... and made me cry.
Bulletta's eyes scare me in the previous drawing.  If you don't know who B-chan is, you'll know.  Her eyes scare me. ;.;
Got another one done. (It's horrible. I'm scared to share, so since it's my unread journal, it's okay.)
Momma...Daddy Mark not come by in long long time...is he still going to be my Daddy??? I no want him to go bye bye :(
so there were these really fucking loud noises.. like fireworks.. for about 3-4 minutes.. and it happened closer and closer togehter.. i couldnt see from my windows but all the people down on the street were looking at something over by the point. and then there were sirens.. what the fuck..
I am so dead.   I have a hard enough time behaving for three days. Forget a fucking month. &gt;&lt; ARRGH!
Well i have no spent the last hour on the phone, trying to convince my boyfriend not to kick the crap out of Eric. And of course, he made me tall him everything Eric has said to me, which means i just fueled the fire more! Oh my lord...see what happens when you date me, i have all the crap with me. But i am so looking forward to the 4 day weekend!
POO POO POO! Paw was hurty showd it to Mommay.     Mommay sez snuffle an nearly cris. Oh poo.  Paw is RILLY worn an hurty poo! Im komink apart at teh seems!     Am not a whole mole. Poo.     Mommay sez will need opperayshun. Don' liek oppera. Prefe moly jig.   *shivers a bit* Im only twoo an 'alf! Kant haf howwid fings happenink! *is scared now, nose twitches in fear*
i hate to say it.. but you were right. why is it that the people you hate listening to, are the ones that you should be listening to?...
Well, two more damn days and a five day weekend.  Also, I looked in our school calendar, and I have a 17 day vacation over Christmas break. XDD that's SO AWESOME =P  Well, I wrote a song today, it was a harder song, which is unusual for me. I usually write mellow songs.  Anyways, off to watch my usual sunday television schedule...  I'm so scared..
i just watched Constantine. that was scary but cool. i suggest u watch it if u like action and horror movies. its oscar night also. o ya, im also having a barbeque which is cool. thats about all that happened today. brandon
No less than 3 nightmares last night. Not surprising I'm so tired today  Why exactly? I was full of good, happy, fluffy thoughts when I went to bed.  It was so bloody scary I almost got out of my bed 2 hours early to see if anyone was online because my flat was all scary and dark :(
Haven't blogged much lately cos i've concentrated my blogging attention elsewhere...^_^ i'm being disloyal to livejournal..LOLz  I must finish this SI assignment and SI assessment....after tomoz i'll feel a lot betta.....after friday 5pm i'll be over the moon . ^_^
We went skiing with the two Chinese girls today, Luna and Carole.  Randy came, too, and it was a good time.   Despite the fact that it was fun, it's a fat/ugly day for Julia, so it's time to bask in my self-centered depression for the evening.   Someone please keep reminding me never to be like my mom.
omg...omg....omg...im writing this write after i saw it. for anyone whose been at my house...on falls of the neuse at the traffic light....there was a fire..it was some business that caught on fire...casie, mom and i went up to look at it...i could see the flames from the road...we arent sure if it hit any houses yet...it was so scary...wow...im like shaking im so scared....
sometimes i feel like my life is a soap opera...and at that i'm going crazy at the same time... and this time i don't know what i'm going to do.
What ever happened to the 15 comments per post that I used to have.  Now-a-days I only get like 1 or 2.  I feel like I'm gradually becoming more and more UNpopular as time goes by with my internet life.  I'm scared...*shivers*
Grrrrrrrr.          For Max's benifit, i'll leave the captions up to you.                                                sweet dreams.
I think I need to change my lj avatar. He&rsquo;s beginning to control/influence me/the way I think about things. Whenever I open up lj, there he is&hellip;staring back at me. But THAT'S ME, that&rsquo;s my representation. He&rsquo;s so seductively angry. I&rsquo;ve thought about changing him, but he stares back at me from the page where I could. He has some bizarre hold over me. Help&hellip;
My human brought home a weird red box that expands and makes awful noises.  She says it's an accordion, but I know better.
this is my chance not to fuck up big...and theres a damn good chance im fucking it up.       fuck fuck fuck. cross your fingers and hope my pee is clean.         this would all feel better if you were standing next to me :(    &lt;3
I am opening the lab tomorrow morning, and it is the first day of registration. The online registration system is going to go down just like it always does, and I am going to get yelled at by the fucking nursing students.   Pray for me.
This is going to be weird, but its pertinent in my life..    Seriously, What would you do if you drove past a car parked, with the driver hunched over not moving?        This occurred to my Mom today and the results are very unsettling.
Ok Im scred. It is like oh I dont know like 1:45 and I kept hearing this noice and it is scary. :( I dont like it at all and im the only one awake, so that doesn't help any.lol. I am really scared though. I am lame.
A girl died in 1933. Her murderer buried her in the ground when she was still alive. The murderer chanted, "Toma sota balcu" as he buried her. Now that you have read the chant, you will meet this little girl. In the middle of the night she will be on your ceiling. She will suffocate you like she was suffocated. If you post this, she will not bother you. Your kindness will be rewarded.
So, my play is in two days. I'm so scared. I hope we can pull this together in time, because right now, it isn't looking like we can. Either way, it'll be fun. I hope.    &lt;&lt;3 Ellen
I'm scared now, I've just woken up to a bad nightmare, I dreamt I was in a boy band ... and then I realised my alarm had gone off and the radio was playing some crap from A1 - now I'm really scared.
Oh Merlin. Oh Merlin, oh Merlin, oh Merlin.  I'm fine. Zach is fine, Hannah is fine, and Justin is fine. Most people are, from what I've read.  I couldn't sleep last night. I'm scared. Terrified.  I really, really hope everyone is okay.
"Don't depend on me to ever follow through on anything But I'd go through hell for you and I haven't been this scared in a long time And I'm so unprepared so here's your valentine Bouquet of clumsy words, a simple melody This world's and ugly place, but you're so beautiful to me"
it has been three months and once again i got yelled at cause im not doing anything with my life yet. and if im not going to school or have a full time job by january 10th i get kicked out of my parents house. any ideas people
Aunty Dandy (Diane) may u rest in peace, wherever your place of peace may be.............when a life is taken another is created.....
for some reason it's been a little hard to take deep breaths for a few days.  when i run up the stairs i feel like my heart takes longer to get back to its resting rate.  for all you doctors out there, what do you think could be wrong with me?  things i've thought about: allergies out of shape lung cancer asthma anxiety...  ? help ?
I'm kind of worried, because I've been having stomach problems for about a year now, and I went to visit a doctor on Wednesday.  He sent me to get and ultrasound yesterday, and now I have to wait to get the results on Wednesday.  I'm sure it's probably just irritable bowel syndrome or something, but I'm still kind of freaking out.  I wish I didn't have to wait so gosh darned long.
I'm telling you! There's a ghost in this house! I mean, weird noises, doors closing by themselves...and what about the time when my beeds flew open, and my window was only cracked? 00 I'm scared of ghost!!
i broke my toe. i think. i stubbed it really hard on the fire place while i was babysitting and it still hurts and is kinda pink and won't move without pain.  other than the toe, i am screwed. i'll never teach tess very well. this kinda thing isn't my forte. it doesn't help that i am stalling. so on that note, i gotta go.
my mommy said i have to go confess at 7:30, i dunno why but im an angel that doesnt do anything bad..but i guess i will go to make her happy even though i have no confessions.......
im seeing whitenoise tonight  im scared already...i cant believe i didnt see garden state, HOW NAFFED OFF AM I???!!!!
I'M SO SCARED I HAVE A BAD FELLING THAT IF BUSH WINS HES GOING TO START THE DRAFT .........OMG I SCARED I DON'T WANT MY FRIENDS TO GO TO HARMS WAY I WOULD GLADLY SCARIFIES MY SELF IF I COLD TO SAVE MY FAMILY  AND FRIENDS OMG I'M SCARED......BYE AND GOOD LUCK TO KERRY!!
Dark magician. You love the dark because of it's beauty and just the life that no-one else sees. Mysterious, calm, quiet... But that doesn't mean you're not friendly!   Please rate ^^      What kind of dark person are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla
i know that theres something bothering sarah and i just dont know what it is and i kno that shes not going to freely tell me so all i can do is sit here and worry if we're really going to be friends for as long as i hoped we would.  i wish that we could start this summer over.....i guess that ill just sit and wait and maybe she'll finally tell me.... :-\
~snoopiej~                 LJ  friendsCollage .  	    Brought to you  by       pratibha75    and       teemus   .
so tomorrow i'm flying to indiana and i'm gonna be there until saturday...fun stuff...visiting brandon and all of his friends...i'm so afraid i'll take the wrong shuttle and get really lost...hmm...we'll see.
Do you consider yourself outgoing but find yourself shy (maybe nervous) around someone?  And you aren't sure why?  Isn't it annoying?
I just heard word that Joan Of Arcadia, the show I love more than anything on air right now is in fear of being cancelled! I just made a feedback letter on the cbs website. It drives me crazy to not know!  -April
Finally I make picture for journal! Ok, ok, that is lie,       tsuyoshi_smap    made for me. I pick the picture, and he make for me. He is so nice!! Arigatou ne!1  I was so happy when producer say we do batsu game again. I perservered but lost agin!! Why it is defeated always? I cannot climb mountain and I am very afraid of hights. Tsuyoshi, you please protect me ne???!!
This is quite possibly the most horrifying (and yet, hilarious) thing I've ever seen in my life.   KAAAAAAAHHHHHHHN!
having the person you love most an hour away and totally heartbroken and homesick is the worst feeling i think i know.
I received the following valentine from a male co-worker.  Kathy says I should be worried.   My Funny Valentine
once again I let thing escalate between us...  I should've stopped it.. but I didn't! :(   I really need to talk to [him]!!!!! But it's so hard! Im such a wreck..  why is it so hard.. when i can tell you anything.. when ur so special to me..  God give me strength! I need words...
Which Naruto Character Are You?  Test by  naruto  - kun.com    someone was assaulted in pepper canyon.  how scary.  i'm going to carry around a knife everywhere I go now.
PD Bass Chick: Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
.......I have some tumultuous news.  I think I spelled that wrong.  I'm still moving to Seattle.  But     Now I'm not moving by myself, so to speak.  Guess you could say I'll be moving for two.    Yeah, you guessed it.  Excuse me, I have to go throw up now
i wasnt really expecting to decide to turn down the one job i really wanted.. and i cant go away with the one person i wanted to. at least i was offered the job..  but 3 months isn't so bad.. right.. times flies  as long as i find another job that will make me happy for the summer, i have 2 interviews comming up anyways so thats good!
Literally. I can hardly type. I called in for tonight. I'm shaky and can't see well at all.  I drank a good bit last night, but I've never been like this after drinking. I don't know what's going on... but I don't like it one bit.  I'm gonna take a nap and if this isn't better, I'm going to a doctor tonight. I hate doctors.
AAAHHHHHH.  It happened again. All i can remember is something about a demon, a tree, and a shinny rock that boke when someone died.   But on a side note the sun was pretty.
So I decided to give fignewtons another chance again in my life...  I'm afraid they could hurt me again like they did last time, but I'm ready to forgive...  I just hope they don't do it again though...  I haven't ate them in 10 years.  I'm ready to be sick...  Don't pressure me...
Ba… Im struggling so badly right now… life sucks… and now my mom and dad have  to make me feel worse. My car is dead. Dead dead dead! I have no job and now no car to get to a job place… BA!!! All I want to do is cry sooooooo badly…. Ugh!!!  I have no mooney I feel like everyone hates me…
Whitney if you get on here...please call or come by later....PLEASE!!!!!!  I get off at 6...we need to do something..PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOCK YOUR PLACE AT NIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I just saw in the news that there is a guy breaking in to women's homes in Blacksburg and sexually assaulting them!!!!!!!!!  He already hit Oakbridge, Terrace View, and I used to live next to Terrace View!!!! Please, Please be careful!!!!! And pass this on to everyone you know in Blacksburg!!!!!
Andrew wants to committ suicide...  Erum's dad just rushed him to the hospital...  some emotional support would be extremely appreciated as I am having a nervous breakdown.  Please stay with me Andrew...I love you.  *cries her eyes out*
I just got done watching this movie Will rented called Open Water and after seeing that makes me understand and see why i dont go scuba diving. That movie is really sad and freaky. What would you do if you went on vaca to the bahamas and went scuba diving and got lefted behind in the middle of ocean????
NO FUCKING GRUDGE NOISES EVER THE F*** AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I ONLY HAVE TWO PAIRS OF PANTS AND I NEED THEM TO LAST FOR AT LEAST A WEEK.
well my hubby went to the ER today.  He has a blood clot in his leg.  Don't know how long he gonna be in there. I am a mess.
well guess what haven't smoked forever so I decided to quit and get a job and start to drive.  I spent the night at Tarryns and me, her, drew, Danile, his friend, CJ and Ron all went to play pool for only 75 cents it was so fun I loved it. ...then the next day went to codys to see my heather fun, fun
Just over 2 hours till my Harvard interview. I'm sitting here, polished yet a little bit funky, with questions about the feasibility of double majoring in Biology and Archeology and intramural fencing floating about my brain...and shaking.   I know it's just an informative interview but...  ::panic::
Watched the grudge tonight with Erin from work.  Its not nearly as scarey when you are not in a theater.  Not to mention the fact that there is a crazy gray kitten running amok in the house!  I swear that kitten has an endless amount of energy!  He is such a nutball.   Time to study a little I suppose.  ::Sigh::....  Still a bit jumpy though... even if I have seen the movie already....
so, this morning, I decided to open up my shiny new study guide (very shiny and new since I hadn't actually touched it until now), and I think I have a new favorite word:  DILLETANTE-- one who possesses only a superficial understanding of a certain subject or body of knowledge (and pretends to know more)  hmmm... I don't know anyone like that.  do you?
It's installed, it works, I have some Brushes and Gradients from places that I shall credit later and I've just about figured out where Zoom is.  Help!  Can anyone suggest any good tutorials to get me started? Pretty please?
[ The rest of the little Cure bash can be seen here... ]  there were words that were going to go here but i'm not in the mood for words today. especailly well documented internet words.      "In the movies Well, they never had it so good One moment, So infinite On soft wet lips"
I just watched  The Exorcist . Holy FUCK.  Erika doesn't do scary/horror movies.  Ok, ok, so it wasn't  that  bad......like I've definitely been more scared by other movies...and I only had to cover my eyes once.....but it sure gives me that adrenaline, and I wish that my room weren't empty right now.  Aiyah....
Okay, gonna look reeeeal silly if any GAFFers come here, since I got this one from one of them and his journal, but I really have to share this with you.   Lestat, copyrighted by Anne Rice on all accounts - the musical . By Elton John.  Anybody's up for the lookout? I think we should anticipate a foursome of pale horsemen any moment. *cue screaming of the damned*
I have to finish my thesis by the end of term on Friday 17th December. Why is it that everywhere I go at the moment I seem to hear the theme from   Mission: Impossible   in the background?
Daddy's in surgery right now to get his prostate removed and any surrounding tissue that might be cancerous.  Please pray for him in whatever way you see fit.  I just need this to be over and him to be healthy.
In less than one hour I leave my house for some minor surgery.  I've had the same surgery before. I haven't had anything to eat since tues PM.  My childcare is in place, my care is in place, but still I'm up an hour early.  I think I'm nervous.
My mum is scary very scary she is dancing around at the moment wearing a blond wig blue eyeshadow caked foundation bright red lipstick a black dress and red feathers around her neck what is the world coming to
do yourself a favor. never watch fantasia on two hours sleep and a lot of caffiene. might i recommend avoiding the cough medicine as well?
"And she is led by love. The world moves for love. It kneels before it in awe..."                 Manoj Nelliyattu Shyamalan is my favourite dude ever!!! Well...besides you of course (smiling foolishly) hehehe :)  I think I have started a trend of not wanting to go on the trip. Wow, I started a fad. That's a first!                       If I see you, you better hug me like there's no tomorrow.
1/2 of me looks forward to it, looking forward to get out of here and experience something new. Another 1/2 is so afraid to leave my friends and afraid that the whole atmosphere of high school that will not come again in college.   I'm starting to miss some people already.
Would anyone want to bang you? by phobia      Name:           Favorite Food:           Wants to Bang you:           This many times:    237               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
This is going to suck. I'm going to hate this. So much. I'll probably be up all night. God I hope not. This is going to suck.
Go to the link posted - last optical illusion on the page. Do exactly as instructed - it is seriously freaky and has scared the crap out of me!   Off to watch somat 'light' now - 'No Angels'!   http://www.subversiveelement.com/Optica lIllusions2.html    Enjoy!
ohmygodohmygodohmygodohmygod  aim stopped working  it signed me off. and it wont let me sign back on.  ahhhhhhhhh
I'm starting to get worried. I haven't talked to JJ since work on Sunday and that doesn't count. So technically we haven't talked since Friday. It's starting to bug me cause I have a lot on the line. I'm starting to get stalkerish...which isn't good.
Well, that's just lovely...   I did my little palm reading astrology type thingie and at the very end I get:  "A major illness or setback is predicted near mid-life. You have the ability to recover from this."  Ummm that's kinda scary.  Now I have something to look forward to in my middle age.
Damn...just watched Identity. Britney's home, Sam's out for the night, and my friends just left. Sleep? Nah, homework...
Sometimes I suddenly realise I don't know anything for certain. It's frightening. It always passes though, that's the worst part.
there's nothing like hearing about your neighborhood on the news, especcially when you are living far away from home...   http://www.wnbc.com/news/3612241/de tail.html
[ Error:  Irreparable invalid markup ('&lt;font [...] size+5&gt;') in entry.  Owner must fix manually.  Raw contents below.]   &lt;P&gt;&lt;FONT color=#ff0000 size=5&gt;&lt;STRONG&gt;&lt;EM&gt;&lt;U&gt;ON THE HOME FRONT:&lt;/U&gt;&lt;/EM&gt;&lt;/STRONG&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;&lt;/P&gt;
I'm so nervous at this point, that I could/might just throw up. I'm totally ready for this day and this night to be over...
I have been extremely negligent in keeping up my journal.  I still have my job. I have some very scary health issues going on. I have also been neglecting my friends.  I'll try to post more often.  Meanwhile I'll try to fight off these bouts of depression I seem to get and get on with my life.
I recently discovered that some guestbook type things count the number of times people visit a webpage, which web page they visit, how much time they spend at each one, their ISP number, where they're from, what colour hair they have and whether they like emo music...  Okay, slight exaggeration, but the detail is freaky!  You could quite easily stalk someone on the internet.
So in recent articles online that I have read, if Bush is elected back into office..basically everyone 18-25 will be drafted as early as June 2005...LESS THAN A YEAR!
i went to the doctors and i have hiv. i have never been this scared in my life. the thing is i know who i got it from. it is either vincent or matt. they both have/had it. i dont know what i am going to do.
So we have decided that the strange noises we heard last night were either a dog getting beat up or a woman getting beat up!  OMFG it scared me so bad!  I am afraid of my neighborhood!  I want to move!
have you ever felt like your losing one of the best things in life yeah if u havent it really suck i hate this feeling.
Ok, I am sure that Wiley looks just like Lenin. I cannot find a picture of Wiley on the internet, but I need some verification. Here is a picture of Lenin for reference...       Don't let those American Flags on his website fool you. I am almost sure he is the anti-capitalist reincarnate himself.
gods... i feel the doom and destruction of this country. Part of me doesn't want to know who is president. The other part of me is saying  "come on, just tell me. lets get this Apocalypse goin.."
Hey it's Elwood. My computer suddenly played Linkin Park really loud and I thought it was the devil.  The Blues Brothers On a mission from God
I'm scared now Afraid of you Don't wanna hurt you I try to leave but I'm to afraid of the world of the people of me Are you happy You caused it I'm scared now.
just asked me if we had the VHS for  The Ring .  Okay, I thought to myself, maybe his parents asked him to ask me for it.   The woman with him was old enough to be his grandmother.
hey everyone long time!! spring break was a blast !! i had such a great time!! 1o days tell prom 25 tell gradnite 38 telllast day of school and 48 tell graduation!! holy shit i cant wait!! love you guys laters!!
I dreamt that my cat was hit by a car.  In the dream, I found him still alive, but didn't know what to do.
Darius is too cool, love chillin with him  OMG made a deal with darius if he cuts his hair I'll get my belly button pierced! I could cry right now thinking about the pain.
I've become timmid compared to the me of old.  How did I move to a foreign country?  How did I survive not speaking the language?
theres a possum in somewhere in all the junk at the head of my bed i hope he doesnt want my taquitos :(:(
A few months ago a few lumps were located on my shoulder, and stupidly i shrugged them off...  however, over the past months they've duplicated numerous times and a few pea shaped hard lumps were found in my breast. Yes i do have a breast, and because of it being small the lumps were located. Tomorrow i go to the hospital for tests..  I have never felt more alone and scared in my life.
i hide my wounded pride  and stare off into the  other cars if i could  just speak the words    to tell him exactly how i feel i count the ways  that i might say it but  i know that none of    them will work because he won't feel the same i've come this far but i can't go through    with it because the  truth would hurt too much
Mmkay, remember that time I made that entry about not being able to feel like a worse person (unless I was Hitler, thanks Johno)?   Yeah, well, I may have topped myself. I seriously just suck at life. What the hell man.
I can't believe that it is the new year already. My 18th birthday is in one month and 4 days. Crap. That is scary and I have no idea what the hell I want for my 18th either, relatives keep asking and I keep saying that I don't know.   So by this time next year I'll be finished school and waiting to see if I get into uni.
Just thinking...   I want you to post, anonymously or not, what you would do if you found out that I had a terminal illness and had only months to live?   I don't know too many people on here well, so this probably won't work, but if you read this thing at all, please post your response. Anyone who does gets a hug! *giggles*   &hearts;
"Within you, I lose myself, without you, I find myself, searching to be lost again." - Unkown  6 years. 6 long years. I was so angry that they really should have invented a new word for it. All that anger snuffed out in one look. Fuck I am so confused. God I am so in love. Holy Shit I am so scared.
I'm not gonna get this graphics project done .... my a$$ is well and truely screwed.   I love you all .... especially you, you little hobbo. :-)
i feel so bad. i just want things to be like they were. I was so happy. Joe helps a lot, but i need him to help me get over this and he doesn't even call me. you would think after hurting me so bad he would come to see me and say hes sorry but NO! you know who came Joe did! god damn it why doesn't he care?! I WISH I WOULD NEVER HURT AGAIN see you in the shallows  tani elle
i just want to tell everyone out there that ive hurt...everyone out there that i care about...im sorry...blayze kristy mom jerry david jacob im sorry...pat al im sorry...you guys are family...i didnt mean to hurt you...
So on the phone Stephen told me to watch out for roaches if I slept in the kitchen tonight. A few minutes later, one goes scurrying across my ceiling. O.O I hate those things. So me and my mom fought the little bugger and finally killed it... Both of us squealing everytime it flew. It was HUGE!  And Stephen found it hilarious... Hmph.  Sick again, no sleep tonight.
So&nbsp; I watched 10.5 yesterday and it scared the shit out of me. Just knowing that the San Andreas fault line could connect with other fault lines and create a chain reaction and sink in the whole&nbsp; Californian coast line sure is some scary shit.
Well, I got the call I was waiting for today.  No, not for a job, unfortunately.  I got the call from my insurance agency that told me that they are setting me up with a lawyer for the lawsuit that is pending against me.  Oh yeah, I am being sued for the fire that happened about a year ago.  Fun times.  I'm really scared.
yeah i know it's rainy and dull but just take a deep breath and let it slide down your throught and into your lungs. exhale. it'll make you feel better. i swear.
Just dropped a kitchen knife onto the worktop, where it bounced before flying point first towards my bare stomach. Fortunatly it didnt penetrate, BUT I COULD HAVE DIED! Maybe.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  THEY'RE DISCOUNTINUING THE SALE OF KINGDOM HEARTS!!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  *goes and dies*
Oh dear God. I just checked the most recent projections and Bush has 102 electoral votes; Kerry has 77. *quakes* I don't want the dictator man in charge for another four years. I don't, I DON'T!
i'm going to rehab. ted and  are back together. i think emmett finally accepts me. i'm terrified of rehab, but ted said he'll be with me everyday. i'm starting new. i hope new is good.
so i'm not working today, but my boss is paying me as if i did...i love that.  unfortunately that means that i'm not getting out which i need to cuz i'm pretty depressed bout the whole possibility of cancer thing.....so if ya wanna do something gimme a call and maybe i'll come out..
Ok so today is my mom's birthday and so i called which i have not talked to her in 2 weeks. She wants me to come home she was like really sad on the phone so i am just going over to the house after school and we will see how things go.  kiss ya later &lt;3 Dannii  I thought we were just hanging out so why'd you kiss me on the mouth?
oh no, i mess up the year of my post, i dont even know how i got it into 2003, now it doesnt let me update anymore if i use 2002, it's getting really scary now, my posts dont go along with everbody's anymore cuz my dates are ahead a year more, wut i gonna do, do i HAVE to delete all my posts that are put in 2003..?
hey today i had 3  basketball games and we lost   2 but won 1... :-/   thats ok cuz we have   3 games tomorrow too...   and i dont have to   get up early!!! well after   bball i went to mcdonalds.. and got a mighty kids meal cuz im a mighty kid! hehe.. well then i went to The Ring two!! it was pretty good... i was scared most of it.. more like all of it~! lol well thats it bye!!!
I just downloaded a 10 minute demo of resident evil 2. It rocks! Unfortunetly i'm timed on it. Dunno, maybe if i decide i looooooooove it i might find it cheap at gamestop. That game was so creepy. I love survival horror games.
For the first time in a long while I'm scared... I'm scared because I am getting the signals of another guy, I am attracting him and he scares me, hes not all there and was thrown out of Military School...I told my boyfriend and he just told me to tell him to fuck himself, but I'm scared to... I'm scared he'll go psycho on me, kill me..or him...or my friends...any ideas?
So I'm listening to Nick Carter Fan Radio. To quote the man himself, "That is so typically me." That's not what's wrong with me. :)  The part that's freaking me out is that I'm skipping every Backstreet song that comes on.  Am I actually getting over them?
I love you all.   Kurt Cobain is sexy.  Johnny Depp has hair and hands.  Amanda is special. We're getting married.   I like chocolate pop tarts but I like cinnamon and brown sugar better.   My hand is numb.   Is that a dog or a rat?  Ciao! -Don Vito
it's time...i've prayed...i've been answered.  i feel it is time.  soon i will either be made or broken...either way i have to get pass this bridge in my life.   Everything happens for a reason...i have a problem trusting in the systeM.
Holy shit. Fuck ass crap shit shit fuck I am so fucked.  iMovie won't let me open up my Senior Project.  THAT CAN'T HAPPEN. I need that to "graduate" from Global Studies!!!  IT'S DUE ON TUESDAY!!!!!!  FUCK!!!!
Back in AZ.  2 more days, ill be home saterday afternoon.  this is all crazy to me, i have work allready schedualed, im working the night of the 4th, my first fullday home. Hot as fuck, i miss the humidity of san antonio. im afraid for my life to start again.
I'm all of a sudden, tired, incredibly dizzy, & short of breath, oh & I feel like I'm about to vomet.  Could I be getting sick? lol.  Also, my hands are weak, I don't know what could be contributing to make me feel like total poopoo.  But, I do know that I've given it about a half an hour before I have freaked out.
i wish i was as great as some people think, but deep down inside i'm a horrible fucking wreck.  i'm not ok
yesterday at work I thought... 'what would happen if the Verizon guy wasn't heard?' ... I got scared and hid behind the counter for about thirty seconds, what? it was scary but not that scary!
So I met Sora's "friend" Riku. Superior jerk. But what I didn't realize until later, ...why did we almost fight when we want the same thing? I think it's a pride thing, on both our parts. Anyway...Came back to the room and ...everything smelled .....pretty...Like scented soap...
My appointment came through, process of making Irvy pregnant will take place on 2. September. That's what, 4 days? Scary, ne...?  I am doing the right thing guys, right...?
Have a looksee at this. They become steadily more and more frightening as you go down. I challenge anyone to look at Chino for more than 30 seconds.   http://porktornado.diaryland.com/albumc over.html
i have a parasite attached to me, a. e. i. o. u,  behavioral difficulties and jumping into mounds of sand we don't splash we dream of poison
I&#146;d like to apologize in advance to anyone who has already posted this  fic   story   Sue   flaming piece of garbage    ... thing .
Story Or Series Title:   Kenshin Chronicals   It&#146;s gonna be a doozy when the title is misspelled.
CutieDancerJams: No. The world is not ready to see David Pelletier in pantyhose. Pair Skater DJP: Who says i'd wear panyhose? Pair Skater DJP: and who says I haven't before?
OK.  Seeing how we're doing the advice thing and everything...  How do you tell your girlfriend, whom you're quite fond of, that you're in love with your best friend who has just returned from being dead?   She's so going to kill me.
I've never done it before and I want to try but I have no idea where to get it done. Bleh! Should I try like a spa or something, and even then I don't even know where one of those is. lol. I only know the place where I get my eyebrows done, and they don't do the brazillian waxes there. I live in orange county and go to school in riverside. anyone know any places around there? lol
a GIS for haint brings up this supposedly funny picture of a haunted sofa:     haint information is few and far between, hence the creation of HAINTS!  i know what jumbies are!  ask me!
Wandered into the Fruits Basket section of FF.net when I found this little beauty:    OK! this is my first fan fic! it is a love triangle type story really good , well by my reveiwers veiws, tohrus normal day delemas and kyo and yuki are major characters, and i will be intro ducing some one special later Enjoy! Review Please!    I enjoy how s/he made introducing two words.
Ed Come Home by Star Gazer2004  Faye and Spike are on the hunt for another bounty head and this time it's personal. When Ed goes missing they set out to find her but hit some snags on the way. Who's stalking Faye, and is Spike finally realising feelings for Ed? Don't forget to R&R!  Please, dear God, NO.
Last night Ness and Young Link co-operated.  Not once.  TWICE.  Make peace with your gods, for the end is nigh.
Mr Waffle and Seamus are out chasing them in the street!  Inside the apartment!  GOD I need to stop using exclaimation points like they're tissue pap  LISA! LISA!! LISAGINNYCHARLIE SOMEONE HELP!!
Wow, my first entry in this community. Well I am 33 weeks pregnant with my third :D I already have a daughter - 8 and a son - 7. They are exactly a year and a half apart. I am having another girl which I am very excited about but very nervous since it's been awhile since I had a little little baby. Well, anxious may be a more suiting word. Well here's my story:
And now that I can post animated gifs, here are some frames from a Glico Pocky commercial that looks like it was scripted by horror manga artist  Junji Ito ( Uzumaki ):      Oh no, the curse of the spiral has invaded my Pocky!
Uh-oh...  Hint:  Look at my information page and find the date.  You'll know why, it's coming after midnight tonight.
IT'S DONE.  IT'S COMPLETE.  THE NUMBERS ALL TIE OUT.  I CANNOT SEE HOW THERE CAN POSSIBLY BE ANYTHING ELSE WRONG WITH IT.     IT'S DONE! IT'S DONE! IT'S DONE!       ...now I get to start on the next terribly complicated report, which was supposed to be due two days ago.  *whimpers*
Sometimes when I think about all of the things that Angel has gone through and the symptoms he fights on a daily basis, it makes me terrified of my future. And I thought having HIV was bad enough. I don't want to experience full blown AIDS.
Again, from Mount Kinabalu in Borneo.&nbsp; This is on the decent, maybe 500-700 feet below the summit.&nbsp; Didn't see this on the ascent when it was dark, but there's a sheer cliff here that drops over 1000 feet!
The topic is globalization, islam, and terrorism.  Quote of the night:  (by a class member, not the professor)  "educating a muslim terrorist might change their life in 10 years, shooting them in the head changes their life now"
This is maybe 30 minutes after the last picture.&nbsp; Descending the mountain from around 13,500 feet just after sunrise.
Everytime I go to the bathroom in the middle of the night, I get scared that  &gt;this&lt;  is going to happen. Nice to know my little irrational fear isn't so&hellip; irrational.   ~shiver~
I was just attacked by a mosquito the size of a baby!  And I wasn't able to kill it...I don't know where it is! It's still loose in my room!
My dad is having surgery right now. Things like this scare me. Its never fun when a parent or any family member is in the hospital. I just want this to be all over, but it never will be for him. He'll have to deal with this stuff for the rest of his life. Stupid heart disease... grr
OMG i am sititng at  home watching Cheetah girls ( yes obsessed cant help it)  and HERE COMES a BOOM! i am like WHAT happend? usually trucks make the ground move but this was diffrent. i was like we just had an earthquake. it was so fast. nothing rummbling or nothing it was like a big door slam.  i just asked Lani and she confirmed we had one  AAAAAAAAAAAAH  Shala
I'm really worrying about exams. I'm taking 5 modules. Two are 100% coursework and I've already failed one. The rest of my modules are 80% exam. I have to pass them. I'm so paranoid they're not going to let me come back next year.  I'm worried I'm just going to give in to my mood and not do anything.
I can't figure out which part of me is more traumatized.  My ears, my eyes, or my brain.  Ears - for the insanely difficult-to-listen-to cover Eyes - for having to see skanky man-ass Brain - feeling really bad for all those kitchen appliances  You HAVE to see  this .
I'm terrified of being alone, but I'm too paranoid to let myself get too close to others as well.  ~Levin
*Manifests at the House of Feanor with Aredhel and Celegorm*   Uhhh, Feanor? I've come to sort out Finduilas, not that it was my fault in the first place, no no no no...   *fidgets nervously*
I think I've just gotten myself into a tricky situation. But then that makes two of us. Rhyce and I. And now? Now I'm stressing over the repercussions that could crop up. The one thing I've wanted most, is probably the one thing I - we can do without right now. And yes, I'm being cryptic on purpose. I can't deal with this right now.
Am leaving in about a half an hour to go out of town for the weekend and visit my relatives on the west coast.  I'm not looking forward to it. Amy hasn't been feeling well lately, and both me and mom are afraid she'll have to go back into the hospital again.  Why can't I just stay home?
4A1d.0000.0C56.dE33  IPX. Novell.  Hate them both!  Gah. *goes and curls up with IP and his IEEE 802.2 Cat-5 UTP Straight-Through Cable*
So someone I never noticed logs onto AIM. I ask them who they are...  We get into this long 'volley' of trying to figure out who the other is. Strange things, she works @ BB too... This is creepy. Too creepy. How'd I get her SN? I don't know... I can't remember...  But now I'm scared.  Like being stalked scared.
I just submitted my Boccaccio paper.  Damn, I am so nervous, I can't breathe (the chain-smoking isn't helping either).  I really need to make this happen.  My future hangs in the balance.  So scared.  Time to listen to Radio head...  Wish me luck...
http://oak.psych.gatech.edu/~epic/    It's more possible than you may think... MUAHAHA!  Good thing I have my GMail account.
just asked me if we had the VHS for  The Ring .  Okay, I thought to myself, maybe his parents asked him to ask me for it.   The woman with him was old enough to be his grandmother.
I'm not really sure what to say right now. I don't feel like writing things down...this journal has turned out to be a fairly good outlet, yes, but at the moment I'm a little too frazzled to get my thoughts straight. But more importantly, I'm worried, and  very  angry with the media.   I think a visit to Eiri is due in a little while.
I opened the door to the porch so I could go smoke and their was around a hundred bees buzzing around. Of course, I ran back in to prevent being stung and looked outside the window and they were pissed (probably for opening the door)! I don't know where they came from but they are totally smothered all over the humming bird feeder.  *is afraid*
I overheard this at the Burger King in Van Alstyne, Texas.  THIS is why I loathe small towns.  "My nuggets will squash your gazebo!"  Now, I don't think that's what was really said.  But, that's what I heard.  I have to spend 3 days in this town.  Pray for me.
i'm home talked to mom for long things progressing towards better...  thanks       Planet Telex (l.f.o. jd mix)  -  Radiohead
*Blinks a few times as she sits and stares at the monitor*   I don't know exactly why my Player God, Beth, made me get one of these. I myself never truly understood the complexities of this little box called a computer....  *Uses her toe to tap the CPU cautiously*  I hope it's not really some kind of gag for all the times I've picked on her...
Joss?  I will hunt you down and kill you.   No really.  No,  really .  Even I have my limits.  Luckily, I have enough faith in you that I don't for a second believe that this will come to pass, but just that fact that her name's being mentioned in your presence is freaking me right the hell out.  Who knew there was a way to get me onboard with Jessica Biel.
I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview.   I'm gonna screw it up, I JUST KNOW IT.
OMGACKT!  I can actually see the floor in my closet! I had forgotten it existed! :O  This song is like an infectious happy disease. XD
I'm going to a therapist tommorow...for depression. It's scheduled for 10 AM, and I'm scared. He told my parents it'd probably take 2-3 sessions before he would even know if he could help me.....and I don't think he's a GID specialist, so eventually I'll have to tell him that...which frightens me, because at that point anything could happen....
sddjgkldjgdlk AIM ISN'T WORKING FOR ME. *cries quietly* WTF? WORK, DAMN YOU.  Just... FUCK. WORK. WORKWORKWORKWORK.  ... This is Danielle, freaking out.
So I've gotten through comic con and wonder con!  Not to mention the Ana may convention and endless trips to varies comic book stores.  And now the preparations have started for the long awaited stars opening day, so help me God.
He hasn't called me or texted me all freaking day.  I.AM.FREAKING.THE.FUCK.OUT.  I am so worried...I have a bad feeling...  please, please, please, please, PLEASE let me be wrong...  PLEASE...
http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?Vi ewItem&item=5566217149   I ... erm ... yeah ... ::shakes head bemusedly::   ETA: New link (apparently the winner of the first auction refused to pay. Huh, how 'bout dat?    http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?Vi ewItem&category=1469&item=5568932078&rd=1&ssPageName=WDVW   Incidentally?
That really wasn't a rerun that needed to happen. I hope we can stop it happening yet again.  Bed now, important headache to be having.
The US$, which has been up around 74c, has dropped below 72c.  CAD is around 87. Both dropped over a cent recently. Dammnit, that's not meant to happen for another two weeks!  :(   PS: What most of you don't seem to realise is that the scary thing is NOT just a joke.
Exam tomorrow. I'm scared I'll fail. Or worse yet, that they failed to enter me in for it, since I'm no longer registered with the school. :( And I can't take it again after this time, 'cos this IS me taking it again.  :( I'm doomed.  PS: I got that reference stuff done, for anyone who's interested. PPS: Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday. You rock!
Would anyone want to bang you? by phobia      Name:           Favorite Food:           Wants to Bang you:           This many times:    237               Quiz created with MemeGen  !
The  iPlug  - Apple should send one of these out to all those people who paid $255 to get their iPod battery  replaced .
I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview. I cannot screw up my interview.   I'm gonna screw it up, I JUST KNOW IT.
Would buying new RAM and having it installed invalidate the warranty on this machine? Because I could be kind of screwed, if so.
I'm really worrying about exams. I'm taking 5 modules. Two are 100% coursework and I've already failed one. The rest of my modules are 80% exam. I have to pass them. I'm so paranoid they're not going to let me come back next year.  I'm worried I'm just going to give in to my mood and not do anything.
Following up on  yesterday's post , have a look at Games Workshop's  six-month share price chart .  Ow.
Again, from Mount Kinabalu in Borneo.&nbsp; This is on the decent, maybe 500-700 feet below the summit.&nbsp; Didn't see this on the ascent when it was dark, but there's a sheer cliff here that drops over 1000 feet!
The topic is globalization, islam, and terrorism.  Quote of the night:  (by a class member, not the professor)  "educating a muslim terrorist might change their life in 10 years, shooting them in the head changes their life now"
This is maybe 30 minutes after the last picture.&nbsp; Descending the mountain from around 13,500 feet just after sunrise.
I dunno about you, but just the sheer idea of what's discussed at this site scares me like crazy (If you wanna know what it's about without going to the site, just look at the words after the # sign):   http://www.wonkette.com/politics/dc/inde x.php#jeb-bushs-chances-in-2008-036170
I just wrote the last letter I will ever write to David.&nbsp; Summary:&nbsp; I'm giving up on being your friend.&nbsp; Please go be happy.&nbsp; I love you.
Now i'm slipping into the twilight zone..this is a mAdhouse..feels like being cloned..where am i to go now that i've gone too far..again???????????????????????...fall ing down a spiral...the night ways heavy on hig guilty mind...where am i to go now that i've gone too far??
